Title: Quantity Surveyor
Webindex: 70104899
Company: Hays Specialist Recruit Ltd Construction
Description: I am looking for a Quantity Surveyor to join a team based in Hook for a national media company. You will be accountable for the financial management and cost control of suppliers for a major business programme to the value of 15million. The role is to overlook the London Grid for Learning Programme that is implementing a network to transform the delivery of public services to provide a secure and comprehensive communications infrastructure, serving the needs of schools and other public bodies across the region. The main responsibilities of the role will be to manage the financial responsibility for both the civil and cabling suppliers in the project. You will make sure the applications coming from the supplier are validated, understanding the technical qualifications of the work being carried out and will be expected to keep the programme in order through to final invoicing. Due to the nature of the role you must have a degree in quantity or building surveying or a constructionrelated subject accredited by the Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors (RICS) or the Chartered Institute of Building (CIOB). You must have experience working within the telecommunication industry primarily civils and cabling implementation. The role is based out of Hook on an initial **** month fixed term contract. Upon completion there may be the possibility to become more established within the business and take on full accountability for setting up future contract arrangements, in some cases bespoke arrangements, on other programmes. The successful candidate will be rewarded with a salary of **** per annum pro rata. The closing date for applications is Thursday 31st January 2013 with the view for the successful candidate to be in post by mid February 2013. Should you require any further details please contact Ben Dixon at Hays on **** ****Hays Specialist Recruitment Limited acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job you accept the T C s, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found at hays.co.uk