Title: Manufacturing Quality Engineer Electronics
Webindex: 68548006
Company: Intech Recruitment Ltd
Description: Manufacturing Quality Engineer ****  ****  excellent benefits Cambridgeshire A leading PCB manufacturer and assembler in Cambridgeshire now require the services of an experienced Manufacturing / Quality Engineer on a permanent basis to assist with current and future projects. Please be advised that I am only seeking applications from experienced manufacturing / quality engineers who have an electronics bias of at least 8090%. The successful Manufacturing Quality Engineer will be responsible for improving the quality assurance and manufacturing process improvement of all aspects of PCB manufacturing and assembly (PCBA). This will include; overseeing and performing the inspection of company products and electronic sub assemblies, the management and control of relevant documentation and managing nonconformances, liaising on a regular basis with customers and suppliers regarding non conformances and putting procedures in place to reduce and eradicate these issues. A strong Quality Assurance based background in electronics production / manufacturing / assembly and test is essential for this role as you will be required to undertake electronic / PCB root cause analysis testing and undertake faultfinding on failed PCBA’s and any other electromechanical sub assemblies. As this organisation runs a very lean manufacturing culture, you will also be expected to be involved in any process improvement projects in relation to Quality Assurance and lean manufacturing. Suitable candidates will be educated to at least a HNC in electronics and have strong recent quality assurance experience working for an electronics manufacturer / PCBA. There will be a written and practical test at interview stage to determine your electronics experience. The role could also involve supervisory responsibilities where determined. Minimum background required:  •5 years practical work experience in an electronic PCBA / manufacturing environment •The ability to undertake root cause analysis and faultfinding on electronic PCB’s and electronic assemblies and suggest process improvements •Practical work experience as a Quality / Manufacturing / Production Engineer in an electronics manufacturing / assembly environment •Experienced in managing quality data and nonconformances •Educated to a HNC in Electronics as a minimal (Electronics test at interview) For more information and to apply for this position, please send your CV with a covering email to explain why you feel you should be considered for this post. By sending us your CV you are explicitly consenting to our processing of your personal data on a computer database for the purpose of evaluating your application for employment. This processing will be carried out in accordance with the UK Data Protection Act **** By applying for this role you hereby consent to us to finding you work on your behalf. If you do not wish your CV to be sent to our client then you must clearly state this to us. iNTECH Recruitment act as both an employment agency for all permanent positions and as an employment business for temporary contract positions. Skill words: Quality, QA, assurance, electronic, test, inspection, supplier, audit, conformance, engineer, root, cause, route, analysis, PCB, printed circuit board, PCBA, NIC, motherboard, circuit, manufacturing, production, technician, assemble, assembly, engineer Please note: All calls are recorded for training, quality and business purposes.