Title: Technical Support/Product Design Engineer
Webindex: 69083137
Company: Automation Experts
Description: Technical Support/Product Design Engineer Reference: SE15958 Location: Essex Salary: ****k Technical Support/Mechancial Product Design Engineer urgently required to assist the Engineering Manager in the development of new and exisiting products from concept to implementation for a global leading company in the design and manufacture of specialist metal products. Your duties will include: With the Engineering Manager, liaise with customers/sales to establish product design and application briefs Assist in researching similar product designs or applications Liaise with Material Manufacturers or suppliers and internal toolmakers Assist in the development and design concepts and preproduction models Conduct tests to identify that models are fit for purpose and that they can be efficiently manufactured Develop and maintain detailed manufacturing drawings Assist in investigating improvements in the design or engineering capability of existing products Confer with other Engineers, production and other personnel to implement and maintain operating procedures, resolve system malfunctions and provide technical information Investigate technical issues with regard to customer complaints Assist production in the development of improved manufacturing methods with regards to plant, tooling and associated equipment Carry out product training to Sales force when required Assist in production of sales literature using appropriate computer software Liaise with test houses regarding product testing To be considered for this role, you will be proficient in ****D CAD modelling and SolidWorks with good mechanical aptitude and knowledge. Please note you must also be flexible for occassional overnight stays and customer visits. If you are selfmotivated with strong verbal and written communication skills and would like more information, please contact Sarah Evans on **** **** (Apply online only) or (Apply online only) for further information. Alternatively, email a copy of your current CV quoting the above reference number. This role is based in Essex and is commutable from Colchester, Harwich and ClactonOnSea. A full list of live vacancies can be found on our website (url removed) Looking for a job involved with maintenance, service or design for automated machinery, control systems, process control solutions or systems integration projects? Register your details on our website where you will find a full list of live positions where a customised automated search process allows immediate access to new vacancies as they are registered. Free, confidential service. All respondents to this position must be eligible to live and work in the UK  Automation Experts are unable to assist with the award of Visas or UK Work Permits. As a registered engineer, you automatically become eligible for our referral scheme where you will receive **** tax free for every engineer we place in permanent employment who has been recommended by you. Automation Experts offer recruitment services on a contract and permanent basis; We support many of the leading companies throughout the UK. For a confidential discussion with an experienced consultant, please do not hesitate to telephone (Apply online only)