Title: Senior Engineer  Mechanical
Webindex: 72450119
Company: ERS
Description: Senior Engineer  Mechanical Cumbria Senior Engineer  Mechanical: An Opportunity has arisen for Senior Engineer  Mechanical for a major defence company based in Cumbria. Senior Engineer  Mechanical Key Responsibilities:  Execute, evaluate, deliver and manage complex engineering functional tasks or programmes of work recognising stakeholder and customer requirements and to identify and implement opportunities for personal and team development to ensure that professional capability of the business and individuals are maintained and improved.  Production of mechanical systems diagrams and technical specifications for pumps, compressors, etc, in addition you will produce supporting calculations and undertake design reviews to support the issue of systems diagrams.  Produce supporting calculations and support the transverse teams (safety, ILS and human factors) in producing documentation, confirm beyond reasonable doubt by review, surveillance and audit, that those assumptions underpinning engineering data, analysis methodologies, and interpretation of results have been validated.  Liaise with both internal and external customers as required ensuring that their requirements are adequately supported and that their needs are fully considered.  Attending factory acceptance trial and submarine system trials.  Undertake peer reviews or checking/verification tasks as directed and provide realistic programme status, identify problem areas and implement agreed recovery plans.  Provide support to the Certificate of Design activities appropriate to the discipline and articulate and present complex technical argument clearly, logically and simply. As a Senior Engineer  Mechanical, your skills and qualifications will ideally include:  Degree educated or have equivalent experience and be a chartered engineer or working towards your Chartership.  Background in mechanical engineering with the ability to produce schematics/diagrams which show the systems functionality and the control and instrumentation requirement, based on a set of customer requirements.  Typically your experience will ideally be from within submarines, shipbuilding, oil and gas, automotive or building services industries. The successful candidate will be required to be security cleared prior to employment. A great opportunity  send your CV to cv_steve_dignumers.co.uk or call Steve on **** **** for more details. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SeniorEngineerMechanical_job****