Title: Senior Electrical Engineer (Installation/Commissioning/Dockyard/Naval)
Webindex: 69084078
Company: Otj Recruitment
Description: ISSG Senior Engineer  practical electrical/electronic engineering skills installing, commissioning and conducting trials  dockyard or Navy platforms  management experience  IT systems and networks  based Plymouth, Devon but willing to travel overseas  salary c****  ****K We are looking for an ISSG Senior Engineer who has had experience of installing, commissioning and conducting trials and has worked within the dockyard or Navy platforms. Candidates for the position of ISSG Senior Engineer (Installation/Commissioning/Dockyard/Naval) must be qualified to HNC level in Electrical/Electronic engineering, preferably have a management qualification or suitable experience and be prepared to be on call to provide immediate support within the UK and abroad. You must have an understanding of supported systems and practical electrical/electronic engineering skills as well as a good understanding of IT systems and networks and be security conscious and capable of handling PM material Working in a Support Group that provides a range of inservice support activities to MoD electronic communication systems on surface ships, submarines and shore establishments, the Senior Electrical Engineer (Installation/Commissioning/Dockyard/Naval) will provide support within UK dockyards, land bases and overseas You will report to an Engineering Manager within a matrix structure to support all ISSG inservice support activities that require engineering expertise for installation, commissioning, fault rectification and trials for the assigned ISSG project. The role will also require providing support to business development and system engineering activities To undertake this role, the Senior Electrical Engineer (Installation/Commissioning/Dockyard/Naval) must have Knowledge of surface ship and submarine EW and COMINT systems. Knowledge of surface ship and submarine communication systems. The Senior Electrical Engineer (Installation/Commissioning/Dockyard/Naval) must be Capable of leading a team to install, commission and present systems to the relevant authority. Able to lead support activities and OPDEF rectification. Produce technical reports for engineering activities. The post will require DV security clearance and an ability to work abroad under CONDO regulations. To undertake this role, the Senior Electrical Engineer (Installation/Commissioning/Dockyard/Naval) must have strong presentation skills for system trials; be effective working from remote locations and have experience of managing engineering tasks and activities Successful candidates will need to satisfy Ministry of Defence security requirements and may be required to complete a medical assessment. OTJ specialises in engineering and engineering related positions. We are currently looking for Project Managers and Engineers, designers, draughts people, Mechanical, electrical and Electronics Design engineers and draughts people, service engineers, sales engineers, avionics engineers and buyers This vacancy is advertised by Otj Recruitment Ltd. The services advertised are those of an employment agency