Title: Marine Systems Design Engineer
Webindex: 69121415
Description: Take a leading role in the delivery of the design output required to adequately populate the Product Data Management System in the vessel Systems categories of the Product Breakdown Structure to support Workpackages for projects in Production. Carry out sufficient technical analysis to determine that vessels Systems designs are fit for purpose and comply with the relevant rules and regulations. Oversee and contribute to the preliminary and later detailed design and modelling of hovercraft systems using Solidworks software. Assist the Naval Architect with the weight control and estimating process for all product development and production projects. Submit plans and documentation to Classification Societies and Statutory Authorities to meet project requirements. Work to the deadlines set to support Product Development and Production Projects. Work with the rest of the team to use consistent components across the product range. Liaise with suppliers and subcontractors to develop hovercraft system solutions. Contribute to all phases of the Product Development Process. Help to ensure that adequate Quality controls and procedures are defined in the Workpackages to reduce rework and failures. Identify cost and labour saving ideas and work with other team members to evaluate realistic opportunities and get them adopted when agreed. Work with the Technical Team Engineers and the Chief Engineer to develop the GHL Product Range and integrate all systems. Assist the Operations Manager and Production Team Leaders to understand the technical requirements of the Workpackages. Education/Skills Great attention to detail with to ensure that outputs are accurate. Excellent team working skills. Excellent analytical and problem solving skills Qualified as a Chartered or Incorporated Engineer or be in the process of gaining relevantexperience . Minimum of BEng level qualification preferably MEng degree in Mechanical Engineering or similar subject. To apply for this position, candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK Matchtech is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy.