Title: Programme Scheduler
Webindex: 72689197
Company: Intech Recruitment Limited
Description: Programme Scheduler ****  50,000 on experience  good benefits Bedfordshire I am currently seeking an experienced Programme Scheduler (Primavera) for a large manufacturing company based in Bedfordshire. Reporting to the Programme Manager, this is a key role within the business that will be heavily involved within new product introduction projects in an engineering / manufacturing environment. As Programme Scheduler you will be responsible for developing, maintaining and updating all the different programmes / project plans using Primavera. You will need to ensure that everybody is aware of their tasks within the specific Programme. Earned Value Management reporting (EVM) is essential to ensure that everybody is on track for time and within budget. Main responsibilities:  Develop and maintain all programme / project plans using Primavera Maintain the Primavera system in line with Corporate Standards Develop the Primavera functionality to support Programme Processes Plan all test facility capacity in Primavera Write a user manual for all Primavera activities Take TeamCenter data (hours and % completion data) and manually input into Primavera Monthly reporting using Earned Value Management (EVM) Send out weekly task sheets to the project team to ensure that everybody is aware of their tasks Put resource budgets against all activities in the Programme Set up all reporting templates Train all users for data input and report generation Educational Background:  Excellent working knowledge of Primavera P6 Degree educated is preferential too although not essential Previously worked in a programme / project management based environment Ability to produce progress reports The ability to work effectively within a Programme team Be selfmotivated, thorough in your work, methodical have a good attention to detail For more information and to apply for this position, please send your CV with a covering email to explain why you feel you should be considered for this post. By sending us your CV you are explicitly consenting to our processing of your personal data on a computer database for the purpose of evaluating your application for employment. This processing will be carried out in accordance with the UK Data Protection Act **** By applying for this role you hereby consent to us to finding you work on your behalf. If you do not wish your CV to be sent to our client then you must clearly state this to us. iNTECH Recruitment act as both an employment agency for all permanent positions and as an employment business for temporary contract positions. Please note: All calls are recorded for training, quality and business purposes.