Title: Controls Engineer, Automation Engineer (FMCG)
Webindex: 70607796
Company: Proactive Technical Recruitment Ltd
Description: Our client is part of a worldwide association of independent pharmaceutical companies that have been developing vital new drugs for more than half a century. Due to rapid expansion they are currently looking for a Controls and Instrument Technician to join the team in Cambridge. BROAD PURPOSE OF JOB: To be responsible for the management of Information Technology controlled production and engineering services equipment. SPECIFIC DUTIES Manage and control the implementation of changes, downloads and upgrades to equipment control systems. Develop and initiate a control system disaster recovery procedure. Be responsible for the disaster recovery system by ensuring all information technology controlled equipment is backed up and categorised. Identify areas of the business where reliability is impacted upon by obsolescence and failure of control systems. Derive solutions in those areas of the business where reliability is impacted upon by obsolescence and failure of control systems. Endeavour to provide innovative solutions to continuous improvement driven tasks Train and develop the fault finding skills of the maintenance electricians on equipment control systems. Be available as an internal consultant on matters concerning equipment control systems. Develop a controls standard as part of Good Engineering Practise. Ensure as far as is possible that there is standardisation with respect to controls systems. Identify areas of the business that can benefit from the implementation of new control technologies. Project Engineering duties: Support Engineering Projects department with installation of new equipment control systems. Support Engineering Projects department with modification of new equipment control systems. Support QA and Validation Engineers with the validation of new equipment control systems. Support QA and Validation Engineers with the validation of modified equipment control systems. Participate in Pre Delivery Inspections, Factory Acceptance Tests, Design Qualifications, Vendor audits and Vendor selection as required. Other duties: Liaise closely with equipment suppliers to resolve controls issues. Ensure that as far as is reasonably practicable that equipment control systems are compliant with the latest Health and Safety requirements. Provide resource for the design and construction of bespoke control systems for critical assets. Carry out any other reasonable task as requested by the Asset Reliability Manager. Essential Skills. Siemens S**** ****/**** experience Experience in frequency inventors Experience in PROFIBUS and/or Ethernet Experience of Editing and Programming HMI using WinCC and WinCC FLEXIBLE This is a day s only role Monday to Friday **** **** The salary is ****K  benefits. If you would like to apply for this position please call Gary Carter on (Apply online only) or email your CV to the email below