Title: PLC Engineer
Webindex: 67946086
Company: Matchtech Group plc.
Description: Introduction My client has an immediate requirement for a PLC Engineer to join their fast growing Power Generation division. Important PLC Engineer, Control Systems The Job This is a fantastic opportunity for a PLC Engineer to join a leading firm within the Automation arena to work in the Power Generation sector. This role is to join an established team, working predominantly for power station clients, both on new system development and also supporting modifications to our large installed base of the firm s systems. The successful candidate will be required to design and implement PLC based automation systems for various boiler control and materials handling applications, along with related software engineering activities. There may be some periods of working on the client s site surveying existing equipment, and installing and commissioning systems but this role will be mainly based at their Staffordshire office. Successful candidates will have a Computer related or appropriate Engineering qualification (degree/HND) or comparable industrial experience. You should have a proven background in designing PLC or DCS based control systems, ideally with experience of control loop design and tuning, and knowledge of power station process plant. You will have an involvement throughout whole software/systems lifecycle, from design through coding to testing, installation and configuration, and documentation (working throughout to full QA procedures). Good client facing skills are essential, and you must be able to work as part of combined client/contractor team. A willingness to travel and work at customer sites when required is also important as is a full Driving licence. Desirable skills include experience of Rockwell Contrologix PLC s and/or Moore/Siemens APACS DCS, VB, VBA, C++, SQL database. Supervision / mentoring skills, and any SCADA configuration knowledge advantageous. Low voltage electrical skills to aid test/commissioning would also be beneficial. The Matchtech Controls amp; Automation team specialise in Automation and Control Systems requirements both from a contract or permanent perspective. Our requirements cover: DCS engineers, PLC engineers, SCADA Engineers, Safety Systems Engineers, ICA amp; Electrical controls engineers. Also including Project Management and senior appointments in the automation sector.