Title: Production Coordinator
Webindex: 70322392
Description: Production Coordinator Sandbach Salary: pound;****K ndash; ****K Our client rsquo;s are experts in supplying tailored refrigeration control solutions to niche markets such as Supermarkets, Industrial refrigeration plants. Our client is an established company of over 30 years, which after contracting over the past three years is now set to expand. nbsp; nbsp; Due to restructuring our client is looking for a Production Coordinator to join their small friendly team based in Sandbach. nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; Production Coordinator ndash; Role requirements: The successful candidate will manage the administrative tasks relating to the production activities to meet company targets and order input to the company CRM system. nbsp; This will include: Regular telesales contact to build strong working relationships with clients and suppliers. Raising purchase orders for suppliers. Prioritising own work load. Answering client queries arriving via email, telephone or facsimile. Use of internal and external IT to research and retrieve information. Awareness of stock control procedures and assist in stock audits. Perform other clerical duties as needed, such as filing, photocopying, and collating. Ability to ask questions and ascertain a potential customer's needs. Experience in using and maintaining customer relationship management software and Excel spread sheets for general reporting. Preparation of customer orders. Arrange National and International courier shipments. Manage or escalate any delivery issues and/or returns. nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; Ensure that internal files and records are updated. Production Coordinator ndash; Candidate: The ideal candidate would demonstrate that they have: Ability to maintain confidentiality at all times Ability to ask questions and ascertain a potential customer's needs Experience in using and maintaining customer relationship management (CRM) and stock control software. Demonstrate technical knowledge of electronic components. A basic understanding  Knowledge of Outlook, Windows XP, 7, Office 2010 and Solvitt Excellent verbal communication and listening skills and ability to express thoughts clearly. nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; Demonstrate a positive attitude and enthusiasm. Goaloriented approach to achievement. Ability to get along with others and be a team player Are a car owner with a full clean driving license for occasional local travel requirements. To apply please send your detailed CV to: [blocked email] nbsp;