Title: Field Sales Engineer (controls amp; automation)
Webindex: 72337118
Company: Support Services Group 
Description: Field Sales Engineer (controls & automation)  NE  ****K (ote)  car The COMPANY Our client is one of the leading suppliers of industrial control and automation products in the UK. The company has expanded by focusing on providing customers with the very best choice of products from leading manufacturers from around the world packaged together with a range of valueadded services. The ROLE The successful External Sales Engineer will be charged with:  The achievement of sales targets in relation to turnover and profitability  Business planning and review meetings.  Proactive telephone canvassing for appointment generation.  Present to various audiences subject matter of products and services.  Demonstration of products.  Effective territory planning in order to maximise customer contact  Liaise with all major suppliers and ensure continual awareness of new and updated products as necessary  Exploiting all opportunities to supply a wider range of products  Work closely with Area Sales Manager on all sales and commercial activities  Coordination of associated company resources from Product Specialists through to National Account Executives.  Preparing quotations and proposals.  Tools of the field include a mobile telephone, car, sample products and catalogues as sales tools. Skills: The CANDIDATE MUST HAVES: A good knowledge of electrical control and automation. Our client is looking for strong Sales Engineers with the following experience:  A good knowledge of electrical control products, ideally gained within a busy sales environment, coupled with excellent customer service skills is essential for this role.  You need to be a hunter as this position. This is not just an Account Management role. Qualifications:  Formal electrical engineering training would be an advantage. ExecEngineers welcome applications from candidates of all ages. Candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK. follow us execengineers PROFILE OF EXEC ENGINEERS RECRUITMENT LTD ExecEngineers Ltd recruit for a plethora of permanent, temporary and interim jobs in the Technical Engineering & Manufacturing industries. Our key strengths lie within the Automotive, Aerospace, Chemical / Process, Pharmaceutical, Energy, Oil & Gas, Electronics, Software, Food & Drink, F.M.C.G and Marine markets. We place a broad spectrum of professionals from areas as diverse as design, purchasing, planning, maintenance, production, operations, management, supply chain, software development and hardware engineering. Keywords: controls engineering process automation technical field sales