Title: Group Health, Safety, Environmental Quality Manager (UK / Europe)
Webindex: 70077718
Company: LPR
Description: LPR is the second leading pallet pooling service provider in Europe within the FMCG sector and are looking for a Group Health, Safety, Environmental Quality Manager to cover their sites in the UK/Europe. As the head of one of the divisions you report into the Managing Director and will provide expert knowledge and skills to help deliver support and provide expert knowledge and skills to help deliver HSEQ strategy across the business. The Group HSEQ Manager will be responsible for:  Developing and creating a strong HSEQ influence across the business by implementing change through behavioural Health and Safety across the board.  To raise awareness of the organisational responsibilities and provide expert knowledge and skills to help them deliver on them, across all areas of compliance including all matters related to Health, Safety, Environmental and Quality. Ensuring effective coordination of HSE Management and contractor management throughout the division. Support accreditation processes and maintaining assessment standards. Develop and coordination of implementing divisional health and safety, quality and environment requirements.  To disseminate information on safety matters throughout LPR, in conjunction with the safety committees, devise and implement programmes to promote a positive safety culture within the organisation.  In conjunction with operational managers, support the design and delivery of a comprehensive programme of safety training, tailored for the needs of each job role within the sector Carry out regular site audits aligned to high standards across the business, in line with strong HSE regulations and legislation. Who we re looking for  NEBOSH Diploma or equivalent (essential)  Significant experience in HSEQ and/or operational disciplines, preferably with some exposure to operations activities  Working knowledge of the principles and practice of occupational health safety management  Experience of ISO 14001, **** OHSAS 18001  Working knowledge of risk assessment  Experience in leadership and working in roles providing support across a diverse range of activities to a number of different stakeholders / sectors.  Working knowledge of principles and practice of environmental management  Behavioural Safety expert to assist in smooth transition of strategy implementation across the organisation. This is a hands on role that will require the successful candidate to be able to influence at all levels within the organisation and be able to effectively communicate with people throughout the business. This is an international role and requires a self manager to ensure all legal / support legislations are met while maintaining day to day relationships with all sites. Please note that this role does require extensive travel both National and International(EU mainly). LPR is a European group with more than 15 years of experience in pallet pooling, managed by experienced teams. As a business they are they are No. **** pallet pooling company in Europe exclusively dedicated to the FMCG sector. With their headquarter in Toulouse (France) they also have a strong presence across Europe with subsidiaries in Spain, Portugal, Benelux, Germany, Italy, UK and Ireland. Where specific UK qualifications are required we will take into account overseas equivalents. All third party applications will be forwarded to Michael Page. Ref Code: MPGJ****Z Salary: ****k****kcar allowancepensionhealthcare