Title: Quantity Surveyor / Senior Quantity Surveyor  Civils
Webindex: 68707581
Company: Cityscape Recruitment Ltd
Description: Quantity Surveyor / Senior Quantity Surveyor  Civils My client is a large Civils contractor that operate across the UK in a wide range of sectors both within Civil Engineering and construction. Specifically, they have a number of offices in the UK and a main office in the Barnsley area The company have grown on performance and reputation and have grown significantly over a period of time and are now one of the industries largest contractors that operate across the entire civil engineering sector.They recruit only the best people who can work with an open mind, with dedication and with a professional outtake. There are excellent opportunities for the right candidate to join a strong yet growing company where he/she will have the opportunity to develop, grow and expand. There are also longterm opportunities within the company for you to work your way up the ladder. They cover sectors such as infrastructure, build, construction and Civil engineering. The company are involved in a number of large and smaller projects across each sector and boast a quality, passionate and thorough service. The role: I am currently recruiting for a QS / SQS to join a known Civils contractor. The business has grown significantly over the past few years there is the plan to at least double in size. The company are continuously involved in some of the biggest rail projects in the civil engineering industry, all long term projects and their quality and reputation is working brilliantly for them in their expansion and growth. The ideal candidate for this role will have previous experience within Rail or general civils. You will have experience / knowledge of the NEC form of contract. You will display longevity for another contractor and a thorough work history. You will be based from my clients London offices which is in a good location for travel to sites within the central London vicinity. Package: The salary range for these roles are ****  **** per annum  travel allowances a few standard additions. Apply: Please send a CV to leannecityscapeltd.com This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/QuantitySurveyorSeniorQuantitySurveyorCivils_job****