Title: Electronics Project Engineer
Webindex: 69265319
Company: Progressive Recruitment
Description: Electronics Project Engineer  high technology  Permanent  Oxfordshire A brand new opportunity has arisen for a well rounded Electronics Project Engineer This is an interesting, varied role for a talented engineer to join a growing, high technology company based in Oxfordshire. The company is going through an exciting period of growth and you will play a critical part in this development. As a successful Electronics Project Engineer, not only will you be project managing but you will also be involved in the development of a wide range of products. This will include working with a number of development partners to complete the design phase and take the product through to manufacture. This role will require an engineer who can take responsibility for converting customer requirements to a production ready design with minimum supervision. As such, this will suit someone with proven electronics/ electrical design skills and full product development management experience. Perhaps you have some project management experience or have been leading or coordinating product development drives similar to this? Or you might be responsible for taking products to market from start to finish in your current role? Skills:  Degree educated in electronics, electrical or a similar discipline Proven electronics or electrical design experience in a commercial environment  Analog and digital circuit design  Basic understanding of embedded C  Experience of managing a full product development lifecycle from start to finish  Project management experience  Ability to liaise with third party suppliers, design contractors, manufacturers  Excellent communication skills at all levels This will also suit someone who will enjoy working in a cutting edge, high technology company and thrive in a fast paced, small business environment. The environment can be high pressured but the staff are relaxed and friendly from technicians all the way up to senior management The company adopts a fairly flat structure and you will have autonomy to run with new ideas so this role would suit someone who enjoys taking on a challenge and enjoys problem solving. Salary will be competitive depending on your level of experience. Interviews will commence immediately so send your latest CV to Noa Muratsubaki at Progressive Engineering.To find out more about Progressive Recruitment please visit www.progressiverecruitment.com