Title: Technician
Webindex: 70218857
Company: Mott MacDonald Transportation
Description: Mott MacDonald is a global management, engineering and development consultancy. With a ****billion business spanning 140 countries with over **** staff in sectors such as transport, energy, buildings, water and the environment, health and education and industry and communications. ITD maintains a diverse range of skills related to the complete life cycle of transport solutions. Our teams are located around the UK and we are therefore able to provide a local service to our customers wherever they are. You will be working within the Integrated Transport Division, in the Birmingham office, of the Transportation Unit. The post is a junior support traffic engineer with the transportation sector. This is a junior post with opportunities to gain experience in traffic engineering and transport planning. You will be involved in a range of technical duties, providing an opportunity to potentially develop a career in transport planning. We are recruiting for a Transport Planning and Traffic Engineering Technician. The role will involve providing support to a team of planners and engineers. You will also support colleagues in technical work plus general office duties. Responsibilities of the role include:  Data collection, recording, cleaning, coding and verification  Use of bespoke software to input data for junction capacity and modelling assessments.  Use of Excel and Access to format data and provide basis for detailed data analysis and tabulations  Reporting to the senior traffic engineer The successful candidate will have he following: Essential academic, professional qualifications and experience:  A level (Grade C min), Maths or numerate discipline  GCSE (Grade C min) Maths, English, Geography plus at least **** others  Some work experience Essential competencies / skills:  Driving licence  Analytical  Numerate  Good verbal and written communication  Team player  IT skills Desired academic, professional qualifications and experience:  A level Computing  A level in a science  A level Geography  Some work experience in an office Desired competencies / skills:  Programming (VBA)  Excel skills  Access skills  CAD skills Mott MacDonald  Listed in Sunday Times Best Big Companies to work for for six years running. Mott MacDonald is an equal opportunties employer