Title: Air Conditioning Engineer
Webindex: 72690823
Company: Ashley house
Description: Air Conditioning Engineer FTC 3 months. Potential to go permanent Ref: MM12202 Salary: ****  **** basic salary per annum plus van. Location: York UK Driving license required, (Manual) Working hours: MonFri Interviews will take place in Feb 2013 1 stage interview only Closing date: ASAP An experienced Air Conditioning Engineer is currently required for a permanent position working in the York area. This position is being offered by a large and wellknown FTSE250 FM Outsourcing business. The purpose of the job is to be able to perform maintenance, repair, decommissioning and recommissioning of systems and equipment within the scope of their specific disciplines. The purpose of the job is to undertake all air conditioning works within the Area on commercial, electrical and retail properties. Position requirements Carry out planned and reactive maintenance covering HVAC maintenance incorporating Air Conditioning works To safely and efficiently install, maintain and repair plant and equipment To carry out diagnostic and fault finding to plant and equipment. To carry out routine servicing and commissioning to plant and equipment across the clients portfolio of buildings. Maybe required to assist on other contracts within the area from time to time. To maintain plant, PPM, personal and vehicle records in accordance with Company operating procedures and the contract requirements To identify areas for additional works and/or projects within the Contractual requirements and report these promptly to the Portfolio Supervisor with estimated material costs and labour requirements. To understand and complete all work related documentation accurately and on time Candidate requirements F Gas Legislation. Need a strong M E background for planned and reactive maintenance covering HVAC maintenance incorporating Air Conditioning works Previous Electrical experience Full driving licence Ability to adapt to changing circumstances. Must have a proactive and flexible approach (on call/shift work required) Able to demonstrate some Commercial Awareness Excellent customer facing and communication skills. If you feel you match our clients criteria then please apply now to mike.marsdenomnirms.com