Title: Regional Maintenance Engineer
Webindex: 72630830
Company: UKStaffsearch
Description: Are looking for a role as Regional Maintenance Engineer for a cluster of sites around Kinross, Striling and Washington? If so read on as our client has an exciting opportunity for a Maintenance Engineer to carry out all its maintenance activities to the full with total compliance and in a timely and professional manner. This is a key role within the business where a range of planned and reactive maintenance tasks need to be undertaken, paying particular attention to Health Safety. This will involve electrical and mechanical faultfind and repair of catering equipment and building services. Our client has a diverse range of Catering and Retail outlets and previous experience in these sectors would be desirable. The successful Regional Maintenance Engineer will report to the Company Services Manager and will work closely with site management teams and the Support Centre Helpdesk to ensure both reactive and planned preventative maintenance is completed in an efficient and effective manner. The h ours of work will be a flexible **** per week worked mostly Monday to Friday with the provision of out of hours telephone support to the sites. Some nights away from home will be required. They are looking to recruit a multi skilled maintenance engineer to provide level 1 maintenance support, who is able to work at fast pace, recognise key priorities quickly, thrive on change and take pride in consistently providing great service. In return they will give you all the training and support you need, including, asbestos awareness, H S, specialist equipment, working at height and train the trainer, a company vehicle and great benefits. Requirements  Previous experience of working in a facilities maintenance environment maintaining electrical and catering equipment  Possess a recognised trade qualification in the engineering sector; electrical, plumbing, engineering and ideally qualified to the 17th Edition of IEE Wiring Regulations  Experience in all building maintenance disciplines  Experience of basic plumbing  Basic knowledge of refrigeration, heating and ventilation, contractor processes  Ability to understand financial budgets and experience of working within them  Practical and flexible approach to work with the ability to multitask work under pressure to achieve deadlines  Excellent interpersonal skills  Ability to work on own initiative  Good IT skills; Microsoft Outlook, Word and Excel in particular  Full driving licence New Year new job, click below to apply today.