Title: Requirements Engineer
Webindex: 72630989
Company: UKStaffsearch
Description: As the Requirements Engineer, your role will be to support the production team in process managing at the same time as controlling all requirements for Western and Wales Infrastructure Projects works. While managing the requirements of the team you will be able to demonstrate that each project has an appropriate verified design, validated via the construction remit. Supporting the management of the route requirements through the design phases for each programme, you will provide the projects with technical specs for their contracts, providing traceability through design, construction and testing. Controlling the route requirements, this will allow analysis to be undertaken to identify gaps between those projects already specified and the new route requirements providing the client with a clear position. Your will also be responsible for change control and providing costs for both the client and the project. With extensive relevant experience in railway engineering, you will have a good understanding of specification, validation and verification of major railway schemes, coupled with an understanding of UK railway industry structure and relationships. Able to demonstrable experience of requirements management, requirements management tools and processes, and production of specifications, you will be experienced in major and multidisciplinary projects. You will be confident in both client and configuration management, at the same time as knowledgeable and experienced in the management of deviations to standards. The client is a national rail company, with projects across the South West Wales. In support of the introduction of new electrified rolling stock onto the UK network, the client has started a programme of electrifying existing routes. A part of this programme is the electrification of the Great Western mainline from Paddington to Swansea. Being an integral part of the Infrastructure Team, you will be rewarded with the chance to develop a long and rewarding career, within a company offering many career paths and opportunities. The client believes in investing in their staff, effectively training and developing their skill sets. You can expect a competitive salary and benefits, including a generous annual leave package, plus up to 75% discount on rail tickets.  Fusion People are committed to promoting equal opportunities to people regardless of age, gender, religion, belief, race, sexuality or disability. We operate as an employment agency and employment business.