Title: EBuild Project Manager
Webindex: 69558397
Company: Reed Property Construction
Description: Plan and manage scoping and delivery of all ebuilds across a wide geographical area Follow, adhere, implement and improve on required H&S and Quality processes Use specialist skills to support the projects and PMO teams in delivering more technically/contractually complex works.Manage and enhance customer relationships to generate future works. Manage suppliers and subcontractors and provide feedback on performance for future works. Provide operational level reporting of projects and programs to ensure performance against agreed milestones. To ensure VW policy and procedures are appropriate and implemented throughout the business. Manage, report and progress ebuild variations to contract, instructions, early warning notifications. Support the ebuild Manager in the preparation of monthly invoice data Ability to produce detailed project documentation using Microsoft Project and Microsoft Office packages. Sound commercial understanding of all aspects of assigned works and library of rates Review supplier performance, price submissions and negotiate to secure best possible deals. Demonstrable ability to mange the delivery of projects to fixed cost and ensures value for money Review and manage ebuild finances for assigned ebuilds to ensure and enhance margin Assess, mitigate and report on the risks involved in delivery of ebuilds and KPI and SLA failure. Develop, maintain and improve effective client relationships. Effective communications with client and Monteray operational teams. Ensures contractual agreements documented and archived To proactively work with the PMO team and interface with the client organisation. Accountable for specific areas of responsibility and deliverables and manages the associated risks. Delivers activities to support operational objectives for their specific contract, project or specialism. Inputs to planning activities with horizons of typically 6 months to one year. Operates within agreed operational and/or management guidelines. Interacts with client or users around specific work efforts and deliverables. Supports delivery of Health and Safety policy and standards. Manages the activities of others to meet deadlines and quality standards taking account of impact outside area of responsibility. Focus of work is predominantly against defined targets but performs a range of tasks from complex to straightforward Reed Specialist Recruitment Limited is an employment agency and employment business