Title: Nuclear Safety Engineers  Gloucester/Warrington
Webindex: 72441022
Company: Gold Group Ltd.
Description: Nuclear Safety Engineers  Gloucester/Warrington  ****k A growing nationwide consultancy is looking for technical nuclear safety engineers to work in the south west. The ideal candidates will have at least 2 years' experience working in a similar role and will want to become an important part of the organisations growth in the nuclear sector. Job Description We are currently looking for nuclear safety engineers with various levels of experience (senior engineers, consultants and senior consultants) with a proven track record in the Nuclear, Defence or Energy industries. Requirements The successful candidates should have a degree in a relevant discipline and a proven track record with detailed knowledge in a number of the following areas:  Safety management system development  Safety management planning  Safety case development and authoring  Safety Risk Assessment  HAZOP/HAZAN  FTA/ETA/FMECA  Deterministic Safety Assessment  Nuclear Safety Legislation, Regulation and Policy  Engineering Substantiation  INSA/ISA You will have a desire to take technical leadership and project management responsibility for assigned safety consultancy projects. The more senior roles will involve the supervision, coaching and mentoring of other staff. To find out more about this or similar opportunities, please apply today. This advert was posted by Gold Group  one of the UK's leading niche recruitment consultancies. We span a variety of specialist industries and are the recruitment company to help you find your next career opportunity. We pride ourselves on our commitment to candidates and stick to our ethos of finding the right role for the right person. Visit our website or get in touch today to discuss this role, find out what else we've got or just for a chat about the state of your industry. Services advertised by Gold Group are those of an Agency and/or an Employment Business. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/NuclearSafetyEngineersGloucesterWarrington_job****