Title: Sales Trainee  Birmingham City Centre
Webindex: 72666862
Company: Skyline Marketing
Description: Sales Trainee  Birmingham City Centre It's your future. How far will you take it? Expansion plans for 2013 means we are looking for individuals wanting to take on more responsibilities this New Year At Skyline Marketing we have created an environment where success, vision, personal development, diversity, responsibility and respect thrive. We are looking for natural leaders and individuals who get excited about challenges and who are not willing to settle for the status quo. More than just a sales and marketing company, we focus on training and coaching peoples' mentality and equipping them with fully transferable skills that will set them up for success no matter what they turn their minds to. We are currently working alongside one of the UK's most innovative brands. Our client offers: Britain's largest range of films and games Free first class postage for DVDs, Blurays games rentals Thousands of films, documentaries and TV series to stream instantly We create brand awareness through face to face interaction with people where they live in the Birmingham and surrounding West Midlands areas. Personal progression through our training program is based on student mentality, work ethic and attitude  winning mentality, not time scales We are looking for candidates who are: Driven Competitive Coachable Ambitious Positive Selfmotivated Winners If you are unemployed or simply just frustrated with your current situation, and are looking for somewhere that will challenge your strengths and take you out of your comfort zone then apply now. Get a head start for your new career Applicants must be over the age of **** and local to Birmingham City Centre. EXPERIENCE IS NOT ESSENTIAL as full product training is provided, but use of an iPad is advantageous. IMMEDIATE START is an advantage. All earnings are entirely based on performance with average earnings of ******** per week. REPLY NOW Email your CV and successful candidates will be contacted by telephone for an appointment. This is a self employed opportunity. ALL APPLICANTS MUST BE WILLING TO COMMUTE TO THE BIRMINGHAM CENTRE CITY ON A DAILY BASIS. With limited openings we are looking for people who are available immediately. To protect our clients and to help fill openings quickly all applicants who are a non resident will need to show proof that you are legible to legally work in the UK. All applicants not locally based will have their applications rejected. In an effort to find the right people to represent our clients and help expand our industry, we routinely invite people to spend a full day in the field observing our sales operations. The day is designed to help the decisionmaking process and participants do not receive compensation, but they get a chance to see if the opening is best for them. sales marketing customer service promotions retail hospitality travel tourism