Title: Systems Engineer  Defence
Webindex: 72697019
Company: Logical Personel Solutions Ltd
Description: Title: Systems Engineer  Defence/Aerospace Location: Cheltenham Salary: ****K  benefits Company Our client is a leading Engineering organisation that is involved with the production, development and support of high specification Electronics products. They work across the Defence, Military and Aerospace sectors. They strive to provide engineering excellence to all of their clients. Role description Our client currently has opportunities for Systems Engineers to support the development of the next generation of worldwide integrated power management and distribution systems for the defence sector. You will be expected to provide systems engineering support to the development and verification of power management and distribution systems, including safety critical elements. Duties will include:  Development of solutions for the military and aerospace industries following a systems engineering approach.  Capture and develop customer requirements into realisable product requirements.  Production of design specifications and solutions ensuring design quality and performance.  Development of product verification plans and procedures to allow detailed product integration and verification activities.  Understanding the needs of the all project stakeholders and actively managing their expectations to ensure successful project delivery.  Preparation of technical proposals including estimations and presentations. Requirements skills Ideally you will have experience in the following:  Experience of Systems Engineering and Systems Engineering processes  Requirements capture and requirements management  Experience in Stakeholder management  Experience of safety critical solution development  Ideally experienced in coordination and technical leadership of a multidiscipline project team to develop and deliver complex solutions.  Development of system architectural presentations  Microsoft Office inc Visio  DOORs  Configuration Management Tools For further information on this opportunity please contact Andy Cooper at Logical Personnel Solutions on **** **** or email andy.cooperlogicalps.com This vacancy is being advertised by Logical Personnel Solutions Limited. The services advertised by Logical Personnel Solutions Limited are those of an Employment Agency.