Title: Principal Naval Architect Submarine
Webindex: 67946221
Company: Matchtech Group plc.
Description: Introduction Principal Naval Architect Submarine required to join a leading consultancy. Important Proven experience within a similar role. The Job From concept design and support to technical assurance, inservice design and life extension investigations, our client is known for its innovation, expertise and ability to tackle the most complex submarine design and systems issues. As a leading independent centre of engineering design, design support and technical services for defence customers, our clients strong track record in naval platform design for surface warships, submarines and auxiliaries is thanks to our people, who include naval architects, marine engineers, systems engineers, and software developers. As a Principal Naval Architect, you will be required to act as a technical champion, managing and driving forward the company knowledge and capability in relation to your assigned skill areas (consistent with the needs of the business plan), and developing there preeminence in the industry. You will get involved in some or all of the following areas, and you will be expected to adopt one or more to lead on as technical champion: Concept design, detailed design, production support, delivery and inservice support for submarine and surface ship platforms; Support to the definition and development of user, system and subsystem requirements through to demonstration of acceptance; General Arrangement development and assessment; Hull form design, optimisation and development; Assessment of hydrodynamic performance, including resistance and propulsion, and appendage design and integration; Assessment of buoyancy and stability characteristics for concept and detailed design phases; Prediction of manoeuvring and control performance through mathematical, computational and physical modelling methods; Seakeeping analysis; predicting, understanding and adjusting a platform design s predicted response to the wave amplitude and direction. Ideally, you will also have: Chartered or Incorporated Engineer status with a recognised professional body, supported by a degree or equivalent in Naval Architecture; Familiarity with the UK submarine establishment; Knowledge of marine platform design standards and processes; Experience of stability analysis using packages such as Paramarine; Experience of CAD packages such as Rhino or AutoCAD; Experience of model testing and trials; Experience of preparing, managing and conducting Trim and Inclining experiments; Experience of costing assessment. We would like to hear from people seeking both permanent and fixed term contract opportunities. For our permanent roles, we offer an excellent remuneration package with a competitive salary, bonuses/profit scheme, a competitive pension scheme, subsidised gym/sports membership, 25 days holiday, employee discounts, additional holiday purchase and more. A relocation allowance is also available where applicable. To apply for this position, candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK