Title: Senior Business Development Manager
Webindex: 68179675
Company: Carillion plc
Description: Company Overview Carillion is one of the UK s leading support services companies with a substantial portfolio of Public Private Partnership projects and extensive construction capabilities. The Group has annual revenue of over pound;5billion, employs around **** people and operates across the UK, in the Middle East, Canada and the Caribbean. In the UK, Carillion s principal market sectors are Defence, Education, Health, Facilities Management amp; Services, Rail, Roads, Building, Civil Engineering and Utilities Services. In the Middle East, Carillion s principal market sectors are Construction and Facilities Management. In Canada and the Caribbean, the Group s main sectors are Health, Roads Maintenance and Construction. Carillon s portfolio of equity investments in Public Private Partnership projects includes projects in the UK and Canada, particularly in the Defence, Education, Health and transport sectors. Carillion is an equal opportunities employer. Business Unit/Area Overview FMHead Office Purpose of Role To work with and, where appropriate, lead Operations Directors, Segment and Customer Account Directors and other members of the business development team in the generation, management and conversion of a sustainable pipeline of work that reflects the current and anticipated Business Plan. This is achieved through programmes of research and intelligence gathering, the interpretation and communication of data and the preparation and implementation of appropriate action plans. Key Objectives of the Role Work with senior management to build the Business Unit, Sector and Pairing Business plans. Hold an uptodate understanding of the macro economic environment within a Region or Sector over the plan period. Consider the implication of this for the key Sectors within which we operate Anticipate and understand how key players will respond Research to understand the business and project drivers of Sectors, customers and opportunities Engage with Sectors and customers to anticipate potential business opportunities and implement actions that will position Carillion with differentiated advantage Ensure the maintenance and updating of Sector, Business Unit and Customer Account plans Prepare and submit projectspecific Selectivity Checklists and, where appropriate Bid/No Bid Papers for presentation to the National Pipeline Meetings Ensure the preparation and submission of successful prequalification documentation Assist in the preparation of tender documentation. Analyse the customer base across the Region or Sector to establish a common approach to retention and growth. Prepare programmes of external communication, customer engagement and brand promotion that will contribute to the achievement of Carillion objectives Ensure effective management of Customer Satisfaction surveys Proactively lead and support initiatives that will contribute to the achievement of the company s Health and Safety, and Sustainability targets Job Level Overview Subject to functional policy objectives and/or general business direction, the Job Holder will work within broadly defined policies and objectives. nbsp;He/She will demonstrate a detailed grasp of involved practices and procedures and will normally possess either an appropriate professional, or academic quqlification. The Job Holder s performance will have either a small impact on plc performance, or a medium impact on Business Group performance. Operational Accountabilities Delivers elements within their Business Unit plan to achieve current year s performance Inputs to planning activities with horizons of typically 12 years Manages activities to support operational delivery and growth for their Operates within agreed operational and/or management guidelines Maintains effective internal and external client or user relationships within own area of responsibility Delivers Health and Safety policy and standards Implements Business Unit decisions and sets local priorities Applies high level technical skills across a range of functional or business activities Focuses on providing input to the annual business, financial and people plan for the specific contract, project or specialism Financial Accountabilities Within a Business Unit or a professional function: Works within clear budgetary guidelines Translates plans and requirements into realistic budgets and targets for subteams Promotes innovative ways to add value and reduce costs within the team. May contribute to budget planning Directs Level 1 projects People Accountabilities For a contract or multidisciplinary team: Responsible for the overall resourcing Optimises performance Undertakes performance reviews and provides training, reward and succession recommendations Full management control of people resources and is responsible for implementing disciplinary actions up to and including dismissal. Knowledge and Applied Skills Possesses knowledge of one complex functional or business area Track record of success in supporting a major business contract, Business Unit or region and/or providing support to a professional function Likely to have in excess of 5 years managerial and/or technical experience. Member of a Professional Body with Intermediate Level Qualifications as a minimum. Behavioural Competencies Achieving and Doing Builds Relationships Business Awareness Contributing to continuous improvement Customer Focus Dealing with Change Delivery Through People Planning and Organising Additional Role Information This role is based in London and we are seeking candidates with a background in Selling Hard FM Services.