Title: Mechanical Design Engineer
Webindex: 72395107
Company: JAM Recruitment Ltd
Description: Mechanical Design Engineer (Special Purpose Machinery) is required with experience of new product development for electromechanical hightechnology inspection systems. This is a permanent position that will be based in Hertfordshire. Mechanical Design Engineer (Special Purpose Machinery) is required with experience of new product development for electromechanical hightechnology inspection systems. This is a permanent position that will be based in Hertfordshire. The Mechanical Design Engineer (Special Purpose Machinery) will join a growing group who have more than doubled their Engineering Team size in the last two years based from impressive company financial growth of around 20% year on year. This role will be part of their product inspection group where you will be responsible for the design and development of electromechanical products from concept to completion. The machines are used in the FMCG and Pharmaceutical industries to detect production line contaminants and manufacturing anomalies for both liquids and solids using XRay based technology. To be considered for the role of Mechanical Design Engineer (Special Purpose Machinery) it is expected that you will have a mechanical design background in an area that can be applicable. You will be comfortable in the use CAD design and 3D modelling (ideally AutoCAD and InDesign but other packages such as ProEngineer, ProE or Solidworks will be OK). Your specific accountabilities will include product development from concept through to production, through systems requirements capture, change control and BOM, develop verification plans, handson product development, technical supporting etc. For further information on this permanently employed Mechanical Design Engineer (Special Purpose Machinery) role in the Hertfordshire area please contact Adam Morgan on today on **** **** **** (quote ref: AM383512) View our latest jobs today at www.jamrecruitment.co.uk and follow us on Facebook, Twitter & LinkedIn JAM Recruitment is acting as an employment agency with regards to this position View our latest jobs today at www.jamrecruitment.co.uk and follow us on Facebook, Twitter & LinkedIn JAM Recruitment is acting as an employment agency with regards to this position.