Title: Electronics Engineer, Newcastle, ****
Webindex: 69213729
Company: Amrec
Description: Electronics Engineer, Newcastle, **** A successful and multinational embedded systems business are looking to recruit a talented electronics engineer to the team, as part of their expansion plans in the Newcastle office. You will be joining a hugely successful business, that has the backing of a company that turns over a billion dollars per year, also maintains a very close knit family environment in Newcastle. If you are interested in the below vacancy please get in contact with Andrew Knight at Amrec Recruitment Ltd The ideal candidate must have a good working knowledge in a broad area covering analogue and digital design, various digital interfaces (PCIE, USB, I****C, LPC). Ideally experience with modern X**** motherboard design ? Must have an excellent command of the schematic entry (ORCAD preferred) and PCB design (Allegro) tools. ? good understanding of signal integrity concepts and ability to implement it in a system design is required. ? Will work with UK, Europe and Asia based design teams, different vendors ? Prepare design specification, make the proper component selection, create and check designs to achieve desired design goals. ? Excellent debug and troubleshooting skills and ability to utilize advanced instrumentation in design characterization are required. ? Good understanding of mechanical and thermal aspects of electronic designs is a must. ? Excellent verbal and written communication skills. Must be able to drive project from the concept and design phase all the way to transferring it to production. ? Must be a selfstarter, highly motivated and be able to work with little or no supervision in an environment of a small and highly dynamic company. Additional skills and qualifications desired: knowledge of FPGA design tools, VHDL, DSP, MATHLAB. Knowledge of PCB fabrication, SMT assembly and understanding of the quality management concepts. Education/Experience. A BS/MS in a field of Electrical or Computer Engineering and a **** to 10 years? experience in the field is required. Must be authorized to work in UK. International experience, Travel (international) required (perhaps 1020% max). This opportunity is commutable from Newcastle, Durham, Middlesbrough, Northumberland, North Shields, South Shields, Tyne and Wear, County Durham, North East