Title: Senior Exhaust Engineer
Webindex: 67946161
Company: Matchtech Group plc.
Description: Introduction A great opportunity has arisen with an automotive consultancy for a Senior Exhaust Engineer to work at their site in Leamington Spa. Important Exhaust system design amp; development, exhaust system manufacturing, exhaust aftertreatment and acoustics. The Job The client is a global worldclass, multiindustry consultancy for engineering, technology, project innovation and strategy. With a century of delivering value, we employee over **** professional consultants, engineers and staff worldwide. Our people are committed to providing outstanding value through quality engineering solutions focused on high efficiency, low emission, classleading product innovation and robust strategic implementation. Our client list includes the world s major transportation Original Equipment Manufacturers (OEM s), supply chain organisations, energy companies, financial institutions amp; governments. Guided by our corporate values of respect, integrity, creativity amp; innovation and passion we enable our customers to achieve sustainable growth and commercial success. Vehicle Engineering Our vehicle engineering capabilities extend from quick turnaround concept design and demonstrator vehicle builds, through to turnkey volume passenger car programmes, including full production design, prototype build, development and release responsibility. This role is to join the Powertrain Systems Engineering team within Vehicle Engineering and is an excellent opportunity to be involved in a dynamic department, supporting a variety of project based work. The Role: Working as part of the powertrain systems engineering team supporting customer engineering projects. These can range from small changes to entirely new concept vehicles. Experienced in all or some of the following: ?? Exhaust system design amp; development ?? Exhaust system manufacturing ?? SCR system integration ?? After treatment systems ?? Exhaust acoustic development Leading successful delivery of exhaust systems to meet targets including functional performance, quality, cost and timing Liaison with our customers and suppliers to present results/reports Ensure compliance with all standards including customer and legislative Responsibility for the Design Verification (DV) plan and managing DV delivery Identifying all failure modes and ensure counter measures are verified Support and meet manufacturing and service requirements Produce regular status reports showing status of deliverables as each programme progresses Working with the CAD designers in to support component design and packaging activities Liaising with our CAE team to ensure components meet all performance and attribute targets The ideal candidate will: Have proven experience of working within automotive product development for at least 4 years Be an experienced exhaust system engineer, having delivered at least two systems from concept into volume production Be a team player with the flexibility to work alongside talented colleagues as part of a driven and dedicated team To apply for this position, candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK