Title: Configuration Engineer
Webindex: 71443055
Company: Matchtech Group plc.
Description: Introduction An exciting opportunity has arisen for a configuration engineer to work for a major defence contractor Important Experience within a similar role The Job We are currently recruiting for a Configuration Engineer/Senior Configuration Engineer. The postholder will be based initially at the Submarine Support Management Group (SSMG) in Keynsham, Bristol. The Submarine Support Management Group (SSMG) Design Services Group (DSG) provides professional and technical support to the MoD submarine platform Design Authorities for all inservice Royal Navy submarines. The SSMG are seeking a selfmotivated individual who will provide engineering and configuration management support for the Submarine Flotilla. The successful candidate will be responsible for screening authoritative submarine engineering change documentation, carrying out investigations, providing technical advice/support to other Engineers and undertaking updates to the master configuration database (the Submarine Definition Database ). The post holder will be required to work with minimal supervision and may be required to undertake periodic visits to operational submarines based at Devonport and Clyde. If recruited at Senior Engineer level the post holder will be required to deputise for the Team leader during periods of absence, providing supervision of the Engineers in the team. To be successful in this role, you will need to have: HNC or equivalent in an engineering or scientific discipline Experience in Submarine, Dockyard and/or MoD working practices Sound working knowledge of Submarine Platform, NSRP, WHLS and Combat Systems Submarine Combat and Platform Systems Computer literate with good word processing skills The following experience is also advantageous although not essential: An understanding of Submarine Engineering Documentation An appreciation of the use of UMMS In return, we offer a competitive salary, company amp; group wide profit share bonus scheme, subsidised gym/sports membership, payment of institution membership fees, company pension scheme, 25 days holiday and more. A relocation allowance is available where applicable. To apply for this position, candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK