Title: Reservoir Engineering Advisor  ****
Webindex: 72610903
Company: NES Global Talent
Description: Reservoir Engineering Advisor  **** Location: Hampshire / London / South East Six Figure Package  Excellent Basic, Bonus & Executive Benefits Due to expansion my client is looking to add an experienced Reservoir Engineering Advisor with a proven petroleum background, to its existing team based from my clients Hampshire Office. My international client is a proven global leader within the oil & gas industry, focused on developing reservoirdriven solutions covering the full asset life cycle, from the earliest phases of project development through abandonment. The successful candidate will provide reservoir engineering input to a number of multidisciplinary projects, including field development planning, reservoir performance analysis, reserves estimation and auditing. The role demands that close links are developed and maintained with other geosciences and engineering disciplines such as Geology, Geophysics, Petrophysics, Petroleum Engineering, Production Technologist, Drilling and Completions, Geomechanics and Production Chemistry. You will conduct reservoir engineering studies using appropriate, stateoftheart techniques including reservoir simulation, material balance, decline curve analysis, well test analysis, PVT and SCAL data analysis. The candidate will be comfortable advising clients on all reservoir engineering matters, including advising clients on reserves and resources evaluation and reporting methodology. A solid knowledge of reservoir engineering related software is expected and demonstrated ability to compile and complete technical reports, plus presenting data, interpretations and reports to clients. As an integral member of the team, you will be degree qualified or equivalent with significant operational experience. Please apply by sending your CV & covering letter with confirmation of your current salary package. Due to confidentiality and nondisclosure agreements, many of our vacancies are not advertised. If you do not see a vacancy advertised which quite fits what you are looking for, please contact one of our sector specialists in confidence to discuss your personal requirements.