Title: Management System Manager
Webindex: 69080837
Company: Coyle Personnel
Description: Purpose of the Job: To lead the development, implementation and maintenance of the Management System (CMS) to reflect the changing needs of the organisation. To ensure the CMS is an effective means of communicating the processes required to deliver. Principle Accountabilities: To develop, obtain agreement to, implement and maintain the Assurance Plan To review content of CMS to ensure all functions have appropriate documents to control their activities. To facilitate the development, implementation and maintenance of the Management System (CMS) such that the CMS reflects the integrated team s ways of working, supports implementation of the assurance plan, meets the requirements of ISO 9001, ISO 14001 and BS OHSAS 18001. The integrated team retains ISO 9001 certification.  To review procedures for effectiveness in delivering quality (ie the procedures will, if implemented, ensure we deliver on our Requirements) Liaise with Right First Time Manager on process improvement initiatives. To provide a commentary for inclusion in period and semi annual reports on the effectiveness of the management system. Carry out Management reviews of the CMS to satisfy ISO 9001. Take reasonable care of your own and others health and safety and of those who may be affected in the daytoday delivery of this role by taking personal responsibility for working to the Target Zero principles. Person Specification: Chartered member of Chartered Quality Institute or other relevant professional body. Educated to degree level in an engineering or construction related subject. Detailed knowledge of Quality Management System issues. Relevant experience in the successful implementation and management of Management Systems in the construction and/or rail industries. Strong practical knowledge and experience of the implementation and ongoing development of management systems, based on recognised standards such as ISO 9001. Knowledge understanding and/or experience of maturity model implementation is preferred