Title: Engineering Manager
Webindex: 64216173
Company: CareerSure Recruit
Description: POSITION: Engineering Manager LOCATION: Newcastle upon Tyne SALARY: **** to **** dependent of experience REPORTING TO: General Manager North To providing comprehensive project management and general management support across a range of engineering projects from my clients Depot. To work with the General Manager and Regional Sales Engineer to grow the business and maximise all opportunities for work in the region. Manage the depot on a day to day basis to ensure it runs smoothly Act as line manager for the depot based engineers and the weekly paid operations team. This includes dealing with recruitment, absence and general employee relations issues such as disciplinaries. Main Responsibilities: To manage all engineering activity for my client s customers in the North East to ensure all contracts run smoothly, efficiently and profitably. Provide commercial and project support to the North East Division to enable budgeted results to be achieved. Effective planning, control and monitoring, both internally and direct with the client, of projects secured from the quotation stage, through negotiation to contract completion and final accounts. Produce quotes and undertake estimating for small to medium sized engineering projects once training has been provided using the Company s standard commercial approach. Effective liaison throughout the sales and order securing process and during contract works with other personnel on a national and international level Achievement of high profit levels through effective contract management, ensuring efficient utilisation of labour resources at all skill levels and disciplines, subcontractors, equipment and plant suppliers. Reporting on contract performance regularly and to standard requirements, ensuring all potential opportunities, variations and risks are identified and reported to the Engineering Manager as soon as possible. Work with engineers to define scope and methods of work Ensure contracts secured are sound commercially. Ensure a proactive approach is adopted to all existing and potential customers to build client relationships and boost market share. Ensure that customer service is prioritised at all times and good relations are maintained with the clients staff at all times. Ensure the division complies with Safety, Quality and other Company systems and procedures Carry out effective national and international liaison as required. Experience Experience in a similar engineering management role dealing with mechanical engineering projects Site experience within a manufacturing or production environment ideally within the automotive sector. Educated to an advanced technical level in a relevant engineering discipline, (eg timeserved Engineer or partqualified to HNC level or above). Strong knowledge of Mechanical or Electrical contracting