Title: Marine Engines Specialist – Product Support
Webindex: 71213522
Company: Webrecruit
Description: Marine Engines Specialist  Product SupportSlough, Berkshirec**** Plus Annual Bonus, Contributory Pension, Health Scheme, Travel Insurance, Death in Service, 25 Days' Holiday Our client is one of the largest Caterpillar dealers in the world. Acting as their official dealer for East and West Africa, the Middle East and Western Siberia, they offer their customers a complete range of power generation, construction, mining and materials handling equipment. Working closely with their customers, they offer aftersales service which is secondtonone, using structured support agreements, local parts availability and Cat certified engineers. An opportunity has now arisen for a Marine Engines Specialist to join their Product Support team. If you have a strong sales engineer background with experience of working within the Marine Diesel Engine industry, this is a superb opening to join a global company. Offering excellent progression prospects and the chance to travel internationally, you will have the opportunity to pioneer and establish working practices and standards for a rapidly developing market sector. As a Marine Engines Specialist, you will be responsible for supporting business units with parts and service sales for marine customers. You will create strategic action plans, identify gaps in the market and enhance our client's capability and capacity. Additionally, you will undertake customer visits to develop our client's image and ensure they are the customers' first choice. Your duties will include:  Frequently travelling to engage the marine customer base and maintain relationships with key customers Engaging Caterpillar industry specialists to provide coverage, support and marketing plan assistance Increasing the marine product support business to reach and exceed our client's 2015 target To be considered, you must have:  Demonstrable experience of working with largebore, mediumspeed diesel engines for marine propulsion systems, ideally in a product support function An engineering apprenticeship and qualification, such as a diploma or degree As a Marine Engines Specialist, you must have a strong team player mentality and the ability to work in a cross functional capacity. Logical and responsible, you must have great reasoning and negotiation skills, be comfortable engaging with customers and be able to problem solve at a high level. To apply for the role of Marine Engines Specialist (Product Support), please apply via the button shown. This vacancy is being advertised by Web Recruit Ltd. The services advertised by Web Recruit Ltd are those of an Employment Agency. Additional Keywords: Product Support Specialist, Marine Engines, Product Specialist, Marine Engineer Product Specialist, Product Engineer, Product Support Engineer, Marine Engine Specialist, Technical Product Specialist, Product Support Manager. bonus, company pension, healthcare Salary: c**** Plus Annual Bonus