Title: Electrical Control and Instrumentation Engineer
Webindex: 68057472
Company: MTrec
Description: The Company Our client are a leading North East based manufacturing company. Due to an impressive global customer base and support from their parent company, they truly are a market leader who epitomise success and stability. They are now looking for an Electrical Control and Instrumentation Engineer to join their organisation on a **** month fixed term contract. The Role To implement the E I content of authorised projects for the company. Responsible for design within safety, quality and environmental standards. Conduct audits. Management of electrical and instrumentation installations and maintenance activities. Comply with all HSE requirements including safety policies and procedures. Provide specialist support for E I content in capital expenditure preparation. To handle E I Engineering projects from basic initial design through to completion and handover within authorised cost and to agreed timescale. To prepare detailed E I design drawings e.g. circuit and schematic diagrams, control panel layouts, MCC layouts, cable routes etc. Prepare process control software specification in English Language form, ensuring compatibility with the process documentation. Carry out software coding and system testing. Carry out plant commissioning and validation (hardware and software). Ensure that instrument and control schemes operate within the framework of national and company standards. Supervise and direct junior project engineers and technicians. The Person Minimum HNC in a relevant engineering discipline, ideally chartered status. Process control experience in chemical or pharmaceutical environment. Experience of managing installations in hazardous area environments, ideally to DSEAR regulations. Full understanding of implementation requirements. Good communication and presentation skills. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ElectricalControlandInstrumentationEngineer_job****