Title: Global Field Services Manager
Webindex: 69249326
Company: Matchtech Group plc.
Description: Introduction Matchtech are currently recruiting for a Field Services Manager with experience of managing on a Global scale in the oil and gas sector. This position will include worldwide travel. Important Aftermarket and global experience The Job Job Title Global Aftermarket Field Services Manager Job Description Responsible for global operations of the Custom Process Systems Field Services Business. Includes responsibility for the development and implementation of strategic plans to maximize service related business opportunities on a global basis while concurrently maximizing the utilization of worldwide CPS Field Service personnel. The incumbent will work closely with the Region Aftermarket Heads and their regional sales, marketing, project management, procurement and manufacturing personnel in order to develop and promote the CPS Services Business while maximizing customer satisfaction. The incumbent will maintain a continuous knowledge and awareness of CPS market service requirements, as well as a continuous awareness of competitor service programs. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTABILITIES: Develop and maintain a good working relationship with the Region Aftermarket Heads, seeking their local knowledge input and involvement into the below defined global plans and initiatives. Develop and implement a global CPS Field Service business plan that promotes and enhances CPS global service opportunities. This includes strategic planning, as well as short and long range business planning. Prepare an annual budget (incl. bookings, sales revenues and costs) from the business plan. Responsible for taking timely and appropriate actions to ensure achievement of the business plan whilst working within the agreed annual budget. Develop and maintain an effective staff of highly trained, competent amp; professional Field Service technicians and engineers capable of providing a high quality service to customers located throughout the world. Develop and maintain efficient, effective, standard global work processes and procedures. Serves (or oversees assigned region based designates to serve) as a member of the Warranty Committee, providing feedback and recommendations regarding Field issues. Responsible for international Field Service and Training pricing and margin strategies predicated upon marketplace conditions, requirements and business objectives. To maintain a continuous awareness of marketplace service requirements. Develop CPS Field Service business programs to satisfy these requirements. Responsible for working with peers and other company employees as needed to insure the availability of high quality tools, equipment and PPE as required by the Field Service personnel in order to work safely at all times whilst also delivering a high quality service. To provide and maintain services as required by customers on a 24 hour, **** day week annual basis. Ensure all service work if performed in a safe way, taking all prior steps necessary to ensure that nobody gets hurt and nothing gets harmed. REPORTING: The incumbent reports directly to the Vice President of Aftermarket for Custom Process Systems. Job requirements/qualifications Previous experience of managing a global international Field Service business within the Oil and Gas market. A recognized degree in an engineering related subject To apply for this position, candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK