Title: Security Officer Higher Level
Webindex: 70076682
Company: Carillion plc
Description: Company Overview Carillion is one of the UK s leading support services companies with a substantial portfolio of Public Private Partnership projects and extensive construction capabilities. The Group has annual revenue of over pound;****billion, employs around **** people and operates across the UK, in the Middle East, Canada and the Caribbean. In the UK, Carillion s principal market sectors are Defence, Education, Health, Facilities Management amp; Services, Rail, Roads, Building, Civil Engineering and Utilities Services. In the Middle East, Carillion s principal market sectors are Construction and Facilities Management. In Canada and the Caribbean, the Group s main sectors are Health, Roads Maintenance and Construction. Carillon s portfolio of equity investments in Public Private Partnership projects includes projects in the UK and Canada, particularly in the Defence, Education, Health and transport sectors. Carillion is an equal opportunities employer. Business Unit/Area Overview FMMedia amp; Technology Purpose of Role To provide a professional, cost effective service by supporting the Facilities Team in delivering security services to the building. Key Objectives of the Role Detect and prevent crime on site Protect people and property Provide a visible security service Communicate with victims of assault Calm violent or distressed individuals Carry out any followup work as a result of an incident, including providing reports or other documentation to the Police nbsp;Analyse information during crime investigations, question witnesses. Transcribe minutes for court proceedings. Plan crime prevention methods Ensures the security of cash movements around site Ensures the security of lost property. Job Level Overview The Job Holder will be subject to close supervision and will work within clearly established work routines/instructions. He/She will be competent in the application of standardised work routines and/or the use of nonspecialist machinery amp; equipment. nbsp;The Job Holder s direct impact on plc and Business Group performance will be negligible. Operational Accountabilities Responsible for the completion of a variety of straightforward, standalone tasks or highvolume transactions within set rules and instructions Takes instruction and will be subject to regular local supervision of progress against results and escalates issues when required Likely to be a member of a team that focuses on daytoday routine tasks Responsible for the delivery of their own defined set of work including planning and decisionmaking Interacts with stakeholders around specific work efforts and deliverables Supports delivery of Health and Safety policy and standards Financial Accountabilities Has awareness of cost/benefit as applicable to tasks performed People Accountabilities Not typically responsible for supervising others  if they do, spends more than 80% of time as a team member rather than supervisor Not responsible for the development of others Knowledge and Applied Skills Able to perform role to the required standard within X timeframe of completion of training Up to NVQ Level 2 qualification as a minimum Behavioural Competencies Achieving and Doing Builds Relationships Business Awareness Contributing to continuous improvement Customer Focus Dealing with Change Delivery Through People Planning and Organising Additional Role Information