Title: Finance Analyst
Webindex: 68711980
Company: Exibio Financial Recruitment
Description: An experienced Finance Analyst is required by our large retail multi site client to help support the preparation of consolidated forecasts and P Ls, providing key outputs and assumptions to help influence decision making. Job Description  Forge enduring business partnering relationships with all areas of the business.  Support with the delivery and accuracy of forecasts, ensuring that forecast templates are completed on a timely and accurate basis.  Primary operator of forecast models and expected to act as SME for detailed queries around the forecast data  Perform variance analysis of the forecast against the previous quarterly forecast and provide clear explanations, understanding any residual variances that are within model tolerances.  Articulate clear and simple explanations and implications of the information to add insight and stimulate debate amongst the senior Products executives.  Participate in defining the emerging process for forecasts as they develop from a specific assumptions based carveout to a specific asset driven forecast. With the team, deliver the roadmap for this process, adhering to exacting timetable requirements.  Develop alternative forecast scenarios, including stress tests. Clearly communicate the key drivers of the variances compared to the base case.  Embed and uphold a robust control environment over the information. Establish best practice for Excel databook management, maintain clearly documented audit trails, and ensure version control of databooks and reports.  Support the team to continuously improve the insight, efficiency, control and clarity of the reporting processes.  Answer ad hoc queries and prepare analysis in relation to the P L.  Complete statutory and Continuing Professional Education training. Person Specification  Qualified accountant or experienced Finance Analyst.  Develop practical understanding of relevant financial systems and processes  Awareness of market and industry environment (commercial awareness)  Good interpersonal skills  Advanced Excel skills with financial modelling experience Apply now for immediate consideration This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/FinanceAnalyst_job****