Title: P/T Internal Auditor  Policy Communications
Webindex: 62011444
Company: Triumph Consultants
Description: P/T Internal Auditor  Policy Communications Reference no: Fenland **** [temporary, but potentially long term role, subject to extension by the client] Where this vacancy is based: PE**** **** What s involved with this role: Plan and undertake : Systems/risk based audits Special Investigations Probity Audits Maintain an up to date knowledge of Internal Audit standards, regulations, best practice and the Council s policies. To perform reviews compiling appropriate working papers and effective audit reports to all levels of staff and management with careful consideration to diplomacy, sensitivity and confidentiality. Develop solutions to problems and agree with officers the content of an action plan for improvements in policy, procedure, controls and risk management processes. Carry out followup reviews and ensure implementation of recommendations. Provide advice upon request to all levels of staff and management in respect of risk management, corporate policies, control and governance processes. Promote and develop all staff and management in their understanding of risk and control. Provide support to the development of Council services, partaking in project development meetings, providing advice on both development and application controls and developing solutions for future implementation with consideration to the Council s objectives and promoting customer focussed service delivery. Support management in respect of fraud and irregularity investigations by performing and documenting investigatory interviews and where necessary liaising with Council members, police and public. N.B. If, when replying, you fail to quote the Job Title Vacancy Reference No. your application will be AUTOMATICALLY REJECTED. Giving yourself the best chance of success: Please make sure that your CV is up to date and explains any gaps in employment. Your CV must cover the Essential Requirements (see below) of the role, including any CRB details and other qualifications called for. Your CV should also state that you are AVAILABLE TO START WORK IMMEDIATELY OR AT SHORT NOTICE. WE CANNOT USE INFORMATION IN COVERING LETTERS, SO YOUR CV MUST WORK AS A STANDALONE DOCUMENT We recommend that you consider sending us (see  below) a suitably tailored CV for each role that you apply for, listing somewhere near the top of your CV any key skills, experience and qualifications that relate specifically to this vacancy. Essentials The following requirements must be highlighted on your CV itself and NOT in a covering letter: UK working experience Availability to work CV should state either immediate or at short notice Minimum of 12 months recent auditing experience, preferably within a similar role and ideally within a public sector organisation Microsoft Office skills Other preferable/desirable details to include on your CV, if applicable : Institute of Internal Auditors diploma in Internal Auditing (P.I.I.A Level) Accounting Technician (A.A.T.)/ finalist considered Recent experience of internal auditing. Computer auditing. Auditing within Local Government. Any local authority/public sector experience Any relevant qualifications held or being studied for Client: Public sector organisation Division(s)/Disciplines involved : Finance/Internal Auditing Anticipated Length of Assignment: All of our roles are technically temporary, though opening assignments can be and often are, extended by clients on a longer term basis. This opening assignment is for 3 months. Hours per week: **** (tbc) Monday Friday, normal working hours Please do not contact us requesting progress updates. We read every CV sent to us, but due to high volumes are not able to respond to all unsuccessful applications, particularly where CVs do not address the essentials requested. You will, however, always hear from us by email if we are able to take your CV forward to the next stage. Please note that we check all ads at least once per day to ensure that the underlying roles remain live. If you wish to send a CV through to us that has been modified for this particular role then, as an alternative to applying on line, you may email it straight through to: jobstriumph.gb.com .but you must always remember to quote the reference number for the job in question, without which we will be unable to match your CV to the vacancy, given the number of applications that we receive each day. Please do note, however, that if the vacancy is no longer showing on the site it will no longer be live and you won t necessarily get a reply from us if that is the case. Triumph Consultants Limited