Title: Dialogue Letters Adviser
Webindex: 68693284
Company: The Co operative Banking Group
Description: We’ve become the world’s largest consumer cooperative by putting our customers and our ethics at the heart of everything we do. Play your part in ensuring that all our banking and insurance customers receive appropriate, accurate, meaningful and clear written communication by joining our Dialogue Letters team in Manchester . The core purpose of this role is to work with various internal departments and translate the messages they want to communicate to customers into meaningful and transparent pieces of written collateral via your established experience of creating letter templates in Dialogue. To do this effectively and to ensure our customers are treated fairly, you will not only have to have a clear understanding of the voice of our customers but also be competent working with correspondence systems such as Dialogue and be able to constructively challenge requests from the business to ensure that all communication requests are controlled, add value, adhere to the Bank’s values and regulatory requirements and are appropriate to the audience in question. To do this successfully you will need to have the following skills and experience:  Thorough knowledge of Dialogue, including proven evidence of being able to create and manipulate templates.  Experience of working within a banking or insurance environment is desirable but not essential  Excellent written and verbal communication skills, including the ability and confidence to effectively challenge internal customers where necessary.  Experience of working in a Dialogue Letters environment and a clear understanding of the role this team plays in the overall customer experience.  Expert problem solving and planning skills  The ability to multitask and manage diverse technical elements of the team’s correspondence systems.  The ability to think strategically and evaluate how communication requests fit into the overall customer experience. With excellent staff discounts plus a friendly working environment, there are plenty of reasons to get excited about a career at The Cooperative Banking Group. You’ll also get ongoing professional training and support, a competitive salary and, most importantly, the job security of working for a truly ethical and highly respected employer. We are passionate about equal opportunities and welcome a broad diversity of talent to apply. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/DialogueLettersAdviser_job****