Title: Finance Systems Manager
Webindex: 69956980
Company: University Partnerships Programme 
Description: Finance & Systems Manager required to work onsite at Reading University. Excellent opportunity for a fully qualified accountant ideally with experience within the education or facilities management sectors This exciting role based on site at Reading University is an excellent opportunity for a Finance and Systems Manager to work autonomously within a successful team and growing private business. Key responsibilities will include, • Financial management of site operations • Ensuring revenue and operating costs are managed effectively • Ensure robust financial processes and controls are implemented / operated • Responsible for timely and accurate reporting to the University in line with UPP's obligations under the Project Agreement • Act as business partner supporting all financial reporting, budgeting and forecasting • Maintain business systems are fit for purpose • Gather information for P****d purposes • Work with the site management team to set and review rents, monitor and adjust rent payments associated with room transfers, ensure payment schedules are correct, coordinate deposit collection process. Additionally coordinate collection and recording of payments, maintain accurate occupancy records, rent payment information and administration of council tax. We seek applications from qualified accountants (or QBE) with business partnering experience. You will come from an operations background and have excellent systems knowledge. Experience of working within the education or facilities management sectors would be advantageous. You will have excellent interpersonal skills and a track record of building relationships and communicating across a diverse group of cross functional teams & cultures. You will be able to demonstrate where your communication skills have been used to influence change whilst maintaining good levels of motivation from colleagues. Additionally you will be clearly able to demonstrate that you are a inquisitive self starter who is able to motivate yourself to consistently solve problems and ensure tasks are completed. University Partnerships Programme (UPP) is the leading provider of managed university accommodation. Since **** UPP has been working with universities, providing strategic options for residential and academic facilities that support both the immediate and longterm financial objectives of the universities with which UPP work. Building on the success of UPP Residential Services Ltd, they have further diversified their offering to provide a complete asset management service. Where required, this will include academic and support facilities as well as student housing and will be tailored to meet the needs of partners' individual estates. Since **** UPP Residential Services Ltd has worked in partnership with the University of Reading and now provides Facilities Management and Marketing & Allocations Services to over **** rooms, delivered with a team of over **** employees. All third party CVs will be sent to Michael Page. Where specific UK qualifications are required we will take into account overseas equivalents. All third party applications will be forwarded to Michael Page. Ref Code: MPGW [contact details removed] Z