Title: Financial Controller  FD Designate
Webindex: 71393735
Company: MRK Associates Ltd
Description: Based in Hitchin, Hertfordshire, our specialist manufacturing client is looking for a Qualified accountant to join them as Financial Controller (with a defined career path to become VP Finance in c.3 years’ time). This job would suit a confident and ambitious individual who is looking to lead a finance function, reporting to the VP Finance based in the Group Head Office with a dotted line to the Managing Director on site. Running a team of 3, the role will be responsible for the ultimate production of the monthly, quarterly and annual accounts as well as the commercial decision making support for the operational senior management team. The company is a major player in its specialist market supplying industries that are core to everyday life so a consistent level of business is guaranteed. The business is ultimately owned by a US parent and recent changes in the UK have resulted in a renewed drive to push the business forward. A new Managing Director and some other additions into the senior management team have been an illustration of this. This position will be a new hire directly influencing this strategy. The job is split ****:**** in its focus. It will manage a small finance function and will be involved at month end in the production of the final management pack whilst, equally, looking at the commercial areas of the business and driving improvements to increase profitability. These will be both focusing on revenue generation and operational cost control, overhead improvement, labour cost review, operational process review. The individual will be ACCA, CIMA or ACA Qualified ideally with experience within a product lead business – ideally similar to manufacturing, distribution, engineering, FMCG or Packaging. An ambitious and progressive attitude is imperative for this job as influencing and driving change will be some of the main short term objectives whilst running the 120M Group as VP Finance will be the longer term aim. Duties will include: •Management of the finance function in the timely and accurate delivery of monthly financial and management accounts •Supporting the Senior and Commercial management teams; performing regular reviews monitoring performance again budget and forecast, providing financial planning, analysis and reporting for decision making •Working with Operations Director to analyse, understand, improve and implement cost efficient processes •Working with Commercial Director on bids/ tenders/ contracts to price new business, renew existing contracts and improve terms. •Managing the group and local treasury function, including liaising with banks and managing risk exposure •Production of statutory accounts, coordinate SOX compliance review, manage internal and external audits •Management and motivation of the finance team This is an excellent job for an ambitious qualified accountant, who has experienced both financial control and reporting whilst being involved with commercial decision support, to move into a new role that will open up the path to Finance Director. For more information about this role or any other Financial Controller jobs in Hertfordshire, please contact me in confidence. Every application will receive a response as this is the recognised working practice at MRK Associates