Title: Pensions Administration Specialist
Webindex: 64602169
Company: Nestle
Description: Here at Nestle we are recruiting for an experineced Pension Administration specialist to join our pensiojn team at our head office in gatwick. Reporting into the Pension Administration Team Supervisor the Pensions Administration Specialist will play an integral role in administering the Company rsquo;s CARE and Defined Benefits pension arrangements ensuring a first class service is provided to all pension scheme members and beneficiaries. Key skills include: bull; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; Accurately perform and check all types of benefit calculations whilst thoroughly understanding the theory. bull; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; Assist with the implementation of agreed changes to the administration process and procedures. bull; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; Provide members, potential members amp; beneficiaries with clear insight into the scheme benefits whilst providing outstanding customer service. bull; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; Handle complex queries that come into the department in an efficient and timely manner. bull; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; Provide clear advice and assistance to Human Resources and pension fund members in relation to day to day and complex matters. bull; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; Provide coaching for junior members of the team and assist with queries that they may have on a daily basis. The Pensions Administration Specialist will ideally be progressing toward a professional qualification and have experience of pension administration systems whilst having a thorough knowledge of current pension legislation and pension administration including benefit calculations. You ll be selfmotivated and an excellent team player, with good communication and customer service skills. Having a result rsquo;s focused mind set whilst demonstrating proactive cooperation is imperative for success in this role. We offer all the benefits you would expect from the world rsquo;s largest food company including further professional pension qualifications that will support your development in this and future roles for the right individual. Benefits Include: bull; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; CARE or Defined Contribution pension provision. bull; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; Flexible working. bull; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; 25 days holiday plus statutory amp; a further **** flexible working days. bull; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; Flexible benefits . The closing date for applications for the Pensions Administration Specialist role is Wednesday 30th January, 2013.  Please note applications will be screened throughout the advertising process and suitable candidates will be interviewed before the closing date, so please do not hesitate to apply. nbsp;