Title: DB/DC Administrator
Webindex: 72115771
Company: IDEX Consulting LLP
Description: DB/DC Administrator Bristol ****  **** This excellent and forward thinking Pensions company are currently recruiting for a DB/DC administrator to join their friendly team. Working within a professional environment, you will utilise your skills to deliver a first class client experience. Responsibilities: To administer corporate pension schemes in accordance with contracts to the required standards and deadlines. Responsible for day to day administration for a portfolio of both DB and DC Occupational Pension Schemes. Carry out pension administration tasks and calculations accurately and in accordance with internal processes and company policies, adhering to procedures and standards regarding work and conduct Draft correspondence and reports Management of pensioner payrolls, pension increases and ensure the annual notification of the lifetime allowance used is notified to pensioners in a timely manner Management of trustee bank accounts including reconciliation and cashflow Management of unit reconciliations/lifestyle switches Management of investment of contributions Assisting the consultant/account manager with any documentation they require with carrying out their responsibilities Assisting team members as required and provide support to Team Leader /Operations Leader including deputising in their absence Deal with nonstandard client/member queries Day to day client responsibility, under guidance Skills required: Previous DB/DC experience Attention to detail Ability to communicate with people at all levels Strong telephone manner and communication skills Be a team player Dedication and enthusiasm If your application is successful we will contact you to discuss the opportunity in more detail within **** hours of receiving your application. If your application is unsuccessful, the information supplied may still be retained for use in connection with future vacancies. Due to the overwhelming application response we receive through various sources, should you not hear from us within one week then please assume your application has been unsuccessful. Please visit (url removed) for further opportunities. Foot Note: If your application is successful we will contact you to discuss the opportunity in more detail within **** hours of receiving your application. If your application is unsuccessful, the information supplied may still be retained for use in connection with future vacancies. Due to the overwhelming application response we receive through various sources, should you not hear from us within one week then please assume your application has been unsuccessful