Title: Margin Analyst
Webindex: 67098684
Company: EDF
Description: At EDF Energy we generate and sell electricity and gas to over 5.5 million residential and business customers, and are the largest supplier of electricity by volume. Our Commercial team within B****C (Business to Customer) is responsible for Gross Margin delivery and growth in profitability over the medium term. This role is part of the Margin Management team that are responsible for ensuring that we define achievable stretching targets, tightly manage our position and make the right decisions that lead to greater profitability, whilst ensuring that we are fully compliant with all regulations. About the role Based in Hove, you will take responsibility for Margin Management tasks and deliverables including contributing to the delivery of the inyear target through tight forecasting and control of financial and nonfinancial data to provide the leadership team with a robust view of the projected outturn. You’ll also work with the Finance team to provide regular and adhoc reports and analysis that provide a clear view of past and future performance. In addition, you’ll work with other teams from across the business to fully understand risks, opportunities and their drivers in order to determine the range of possible outcomes for B****C. You will contribute to the process that determines options for closing any profit, or nonfinancial, gap, understanding and validate segmented Gross Margin reporting. You will also work with the Energy Field Sales and Marketing teams, providing information that directly influences pricing, marketing and acquisition plans as well as supporting the competitor analysts in Margin Management and other parts of EDF Energy by providing analysis of competitor issues, revenues, costs and profitability as required About you In order to rise to the challenge you will have a professional finance qualification and be educated to degree standard or be able to demonstrate the ability to the same level delivered in a working environment. You will have experience in a high profile analytical commercial role with experience of revenue and cost analysis/control and interpretation of complex data. You will have excellent communication skills with ability to engage and influence colleagues at all levels, adapting your approach accordingly. You will also have the ability to challenge the way things are done looking at ways to optimise improvements to the business. Knowledge of the regulatory requirements within the retail energy industry is advantageous, however not essential. About EDF Energy A whollyowned subsidiary of the EDF Group, itself one of Europe's largest energy groups, EDF Energy is one of the UK’s largest energy companies and its largest producer of lowcarbon electricity. What really sets us apart, however, is our fresh approach to the industry. Everything we do is underpinned by a clear customer focus and a drive towards a sustainable future. Because it’s these two factors, we believe, that will define the UK energy industry for generations to come. To apply Click on the ‘apply’ button to find out more and apply online