Title: PPI Telephony (Between 8am and 8pm Mon to Fri)
Webindex: 72338070
Company: Adecco Keele National Resource Center
Description: This is an exciting opportunity to join one of the UK s leading Financial Institutions as a PPI Telephony Agent on a temporary basis. You will be required to work 35 hours per week  Monday to Friday between 8am and 8pm. The salary is ****per hour. The training for the role will be **** for 2 weeks. Please not the role is a temporary position for around 6 months  Role Description This is primarily a telephony based role  agents will deliver performance excellence by ensuring that all customers receive a world class service whilst working as part of a team which undertakes a range of PPI misselling complaints resolution and servicing activities. The role holder may be required to work flexibly across a variety of different activities. Activities include investigation of both customer complex queries and complaints along with Head Office complaints. This role involves both written and verbal communication with our customers. Overall Job Purpose Managing, and where appropriate resolving, customer enquiries, feedback and complaints effectively, to achieve the best possible customer satisfaction and outcome for the customer in line with Regulation, policy and best practice. Working with team colleagues to enable the delivery of consistently high standards of seamless customer service and achievement of individual service targets. Proactively developing the necessary knowledge and skills needed to achieve successful delivery and provide accurate and current advice and appropriate support to customers The successful candidate will need:  Some banking knowledge  Excellent telephone communication skills and the ability to provide great customer service through the use of listening and questioning skills to identify customer complaints and provide resolution.  Customer Service Experience is required as well as excellent problem solving, keyboard and screen navigation skills. Previous complaint management experience is desirable.  Experience of working towards targets and deadlines  Working knowledge and understanding of relevant legislation, e.g. Code of Banking Practice, Consumer Credit Act, Data Protection  Strong verbal and written communication skills  Strong interpersonal and listening skills  Strong complaint handling skills  Strong personal organisation skills The application process is subject to the successful completion of background and reference checking, including CRB and CCJ (County Court Judgement) checks Consultant: Racheal Bailey Phone: (Apply online only) Adecco is an equal opportunities employer If you do not hear from one of our consultants within 7 days of applying for this role, please assume you have been unsuccessful in this instance. Your CV will be kept on file and you will be consider for future vacancies that match your skills Adecco is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy