Title: Commercial Insurance Underwriter
Webindex: 69092773
Company: Bond Search Selection Ltd
Description: Our client is a leading Insurer based in Belfast. As part of their continued expansion an opportunity has arisen for an enthusiastic, experienced individual to join the Commercial Underwriting Team in Belfast. Job Specification:  Liaise with the broker network in relation to quotations for Liability, Property Commercial combined risks  Complying with all regulatory and internal systems controls.  Proactively resolving enquiries from the Agency network and Operations Team.  Providing expert technical advice and guidance to customers.  Analysing, underwriting and processing individual risks, including more complex Risks.  Providing coaching and guidance to other members of the Team.  Supporting achievement of Regional growth and loss ratio targets, including liaison with the Operations Team and field visits when required. Personal Specification The successful candidate will be required to demonstrate:  Appropriate experience within a Commercial Underwriting environment.  A commitment to good customer care.  Excellent organisation and communication skills.  The ability to influence and implement change.  Initiative to identify and act upon process and service improvements.  Strong teamworking skills.  A proactive approach to the acquisition of business.  A positive can do attitude.  A sound technical knowledge.  The drive to meet challenging deadlines and achieve quality service standards. Essential Criteria A minimum of 5 years experience of Commercial Insurance Underwriting. Remuneration will be in the region of ****  **** and will include a market leading benefits package. To be considered please forward a CV in strictest confidence via the online application process. We are aware of the need for complete discretion when recruiting this level of position therefore your details will not be passed to any client until you have been made aware of the employer and have instructed us to proceed. To view our full range of similar vacancies or to register for jobs alerts via Twitter, please visit our website at www.bondselection.com As a corporate member of the Recruitment and Employment Confederation (REC), Bond Search Selection operates as both an Employment Agency and Employment Business. We adhere to all relevant legislation and offer services regardless of age, race, sex, disability or religious belief.