Title: Company Accountant
Webindex: 71293654
Company: Choralis
Description: Job description  Company Accountant  Windsor  30,000 My client an SME in the services sector currently have a vacancy for an experienced Company Accountant to take ownership of the financial processes of the business. The successful candidate will be responsible for:  Ensuring the systems that support the business are maintained accurately and frequently  Maintaining accurate accounts and records and reporting key management information  Taking on key projects and project coordination  Developing and implementing simple cost effective IT solutions within the business Duties include:  Assisting in developing systems within the business to achieve better control of projects, more effective corporate collaboration and information sharing.  Developing simple, operating and reporting structures within the business, communicating and implementing them to the rest of the team.  Maintaining day to day bookkeeping, cash management and record keeping and ensuring consistency of document control across the business.  Reporting weekly on key performance indicators from across the business and maintaining weekly cashflows for the different parts of the business.  Production of annual budgets, company cash flow forecasts and adhoc project forecasts in conjunction with the directors.  Processing Payroll and ensuring regulatory matters are kept up to date (e.g. PAYE, VAT, Company returns etc).  Ensuring a system of reconciliations and checks are carried out on a regular basis to prove the accuracy of the financial and management information.  Providing reports and analysis of financial information.  Ledger management.  Providing support and basic information for the preparation of year end financial statements and audit where applicable.  Ensure that the office runs smoothly, the telephone is answered and customers are dealt with appropriately.  Cash collection. Specific Skills required  Strong organisational and communication skills and a strong character.  Strong attention to detail.  Strong accounts/ bookkeeping skills.  Highly computer literate.  High level of experience with Word, Excel and Sage Line ****