Title: Senior Technical Account Analyst
Webindex: 71142126
Description: Working collaboratively with the functional areas of the business, in particular, Underwriting, Core Pricing and the Trading Teams, you will be responsible for the technical analysis, performance monitoring and management of a designated Broker portfolio of Motor Home accounts to ensure our projected mix of business and ultimate profitability is realised resulting in achievement of Corporate Plan objectives, targets and overall Retail strategy. Ensuring the workload is appropriate, sufficiently varied and suitably challenging, you will take responsibility for the leadership and management of a direct report who will in turn be responsible for their own portfolio of accounts that operate similar trading models to your own. Allowing provision for quality and responsive service to internal and external customers, you will provide timely and accurate analysis, interacting and providing the necessary ongoing technical support. You will;  Develop and maintain an indepth knowledge of the trading dynamics and characteristics of the accounts allocated to you.  Conduct regular proactive monitoring and analysis of KPI's/business profiles.  Act upon emerging trends identified, making recommendations for change as appropriate.  Exploit opportunities from within the portfolio and significantly contribute to the commercial evaluation of new opportunities and propositions applying an innovative and creative approach.  Represent Technical both internally and externally providing requisite technical support Who we re looking for  Proven portfolio management experience in a Personal Lines environment.  Proven analytical and data interpretation skills.  Excellent MS Excel and Access skills  SAS experience desirable.  Data dexterity  comfortable working with large volumes of data from disparate sources.  Ability to analyse conflicting data.  Recognise key factors and have the ability to identify emerging trends and act upon them.  Ability to gain and maintain a firm grasp of the business and the context which it and the functions within are operating.  Experience of P L models  experience in the evaluation and creation of business cases.  Experience of the intermediated UK Personal Lines market and the varied business models being operated.  Negotiation experience  ability to influence discussions at all levels, both internally and externally. Able to put a case across and set action as a result.  Proven people management experience.  Technically competent  ACII qualified or progress towards preferred.  Excellent knowledge of the Home Motor UK intermediated market.  Confident, self believer with a positive attitude  looks for and finds solutions  logical thinker.  Proven high degree of numerical ability.  Ability to apply analytical thinking.  Excellent judgement and intuition.  Trading mentality  strategic thinker.  Excellent communication skills.  Understands the business implications of their analysis, rec About our client Our client is one of the best know insurance business in the world. What s on offer An excellent salary and package working within an interesting and challenging role.