Title: Investments & Treasury Controller
Webindex: 71851935
Company: August Clarke
Description: Our client, based in Eastleigh, is looking for an Investments and Treasury Controller to join their team. Duties to include: Take responsibility for transactional management, analysis and oversight of the Company’s investment portfolio, including compliance with relevant sections of the relevant policies Ensure that working capital and other liquid resources and cashflow are managed efficiently Deliver consistently against relevant KPIs and KRIs, analysing any shortfalls and putting appropriate action plans in place to remediate process issues Manage day to day relationships with the Company’s outsourced Investment Managers and Custodians ensuring that there is mutual understanding of each others’ operations, systems and developments so that business is transacted efficiently and effectively Own endtoend investment processes, ensuring that processes, procedures, risks and controls are documented, effective and efficient. Regularly review and test processes and controls in accordance with Finance control and risk framework. Skills and Experience: The ability to build relationships with stakeholders at all levels both internal and external, able to challenge assumptions positively and bring people on the journey Strong written communication skills and must be fluent, articulate and confident in spoken communication Understanding of investment principles and significant experience of their practical application coupled with excellent analytical skills. A strong risks and control awareness is also required Strong organisational and planning skills coupled with ability to drive appropriate solutions. Proactive, highly motivated and change orientated, able to identify obstacles and clear them effectively IT literate, including experience of accounting systems and data warehouse architectures as well as desktop systems. Fluent with using Microsoft Excel, Word and PowerPoint Ability to understand, evaluate and interpret diverse financial data You will have experience of in a treasury/investment role, and must be ACA/ACCA/CIMA qualified or equivalent. August Clarke Limited is acting as a recruitment agency in relation to this role. We do not discriminate on the grounds of age, race, gender, disability, creed or sexual orientation and comply with all relevant UK legislation. If you do not hear back from us within **** working days please assume you have not been successful. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/InvestmentsTreasuryController_job****