Title: Insurance Sales Executive  Poynton
Webindex: 68612091
Company: Selection Group Limited
Description: Insurance Sales Executive up to ****  Commission  Benefits This vacancy is to cover both the Wilmslow and Poynton branches, so you must be able to travel. A fantastic opportunity has arisen working within this national, market leading financial services organizations branch network, currently recruiting for branch based customer sales executives. You will be responsible for providing a front line customer service and sales facility to both potential and existing customers. Ensuring that a first class level of customer care is delivered in a professional and informative manner, you will also be capable of identifying and maximising on sales opportunities, with the ability to successfully convert potential customers into ongoing business. Above all, you will represent a welcoming and professional face for the company. The successful applicant will have a strong background of working within a target driven, customer focussed environment, with either previous branch or call centre gained experience being of tremendous advantage. No knowledge of the financial services market is required, as full training will be given, however the desire to learn, and the ability to understand and express detailed information to customers is vital. You will have a good level of education, with proven ability for working with figures. In return for your hard work, skill and dedication, you will be rewarded with an extremely competitive basic salary, coupled with outstanding commission earning potential based on the new business you bring to the company. In addition to this, you will receive ongoing training and development, fantastic company benefits, and above all the opportunity to join an established, thriving company with genuine opportunities for career development. Salary is ****  **** dependant on experience with uncapped commission. Hours are from Monday to Friday working from 9am until ****:30pm and Saturday from 9am until 1pm on a rota basis.