Title: SCHEME OPERATIONS ADMINISTRATOR
Webindex: 68691589
Company: Regan and Dean Recruitment
Description: The Company Excellent career opportunity for a Scheme Operations Administrator to join ground breaking financial services company, consisting of an exceptional team of talented individuals from the commercial world. Become an integral part of this new high profile pension provider by supporting the pension scheme operations team. If you are interested in joining a company at a very exciting time and one that will soon become a national household name with a large social impact then read on…. The Role Working within a unique and very challenging but rewarding programme you will report to the Customer Service Manager and be responsible for managing case work and assisting with process improvement, whilst also providing support to the rest of the team. As the lynch pin of the scheme operations team you will provide support on processes for casework i.e. late payments or complaints. You will manage cases including investigating issues, liaising with the legal team and choosing trustees to resolve cases then communicate resolutions. Duties will also include: Content reviews of service providers and internal operations manuals Running scheme operations governance groups Supporting production of materials Manage casework teams workload, MI and reporting About You You will be a team player with relevant experience, either in pension administration or industry. Customer service/ complaint handling/case management experience, plus analytical and problem solving skills are required. You will be a strong relationship manager with good communication skills, both verbal and written. You will also have excellent planning, organisational, analysis and administrative skills, plus the ability to work in a rapidly changing environment, dealing equally with strategic and daily operational issues This is a key role, within an operational environment for an exciting new pension scheme and brand. You will have the opportunity to work with friendly, supportive, experienced, qualified and extremely professional people. This is a great chance to join a unique organisation at a pivotal time of change. To apply for this Pension Scheme Operations Administrator position click the 'Apply Now' button This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SCHEMEOPERATIONSADMINISTRATOR_job****