Title: Value Risk Manager
Webindex: 72479164
Company: McGinley Support Services Limited
Description: We currently have a vacancy for a Value Risk Manager to work for an Infrastructure company based in Central Milton Keynes The role will last for 6 months (may get extended) Job Purpose To provide risk value management services to project and programme teams at territory level / HQ Major Projects and to mentor junior risk analysts and value management facilitators Key Accountabilities Provide leadership and guidance in the concept of risk management, value management and lessons learnt, maintaining their application to all stages of the project lifecycle. Monitor all projects so that they comply with the risk and value management procedures. Facilitate risk, value management and lessons learned workshops as required. Monitor the output of others who undertake such workshops to monitor competence, consistency and compliance with Rail procedures. Manage the buying in of external risk and value management support where necessary delivered to required quality standards. Own and manage a highlevel risk register (cost and schedule) for the Asset investment portfolio. Own and manage a register and forward programme of risk and value management studies planned based on the Investment portfolio. Promote the joint evaluation of risks with contractors to establish a basis for risk sharing and incentives. Job Skills, Experience and Qualifications Expert in all aspects of project and business risk management facilitation Able to build complicated cost, schedule and business risk models in a number of applications Able to explain the results of risk assessments to non specialists Can suggest appropriate risk assessments to non specialists Can suggest appropriate risk management actions for identified risks Knowledge of risk management techniques. Knowledge of project management and project control processes. Membership of the Institute of Risk Management or Association for Project Management Risk Practitioner. Experience in Rails project management processes and procedures. Six Sigma Yellow Belt. Please apply for this great opportunity