Title: Accounts Payable team Leader/Supervisor
Webindex: 69170518
Company: Parkside Recruitment   Uxbridge
Description: To supervise and lead a team in Accounts Payable. Accounts Payable is structured into various teams including Input, Reconciliations, Payments and Customer Services. To deliver reports to agencies of outstanding queries, volumes, responses, quality of invoices received from suppliers. Ensure the team meet deadlines and work within the SLA. The role requires a high level of accuracy, attention to detail to ensure work and response to queries are consistently resolved to a high standard. To be a proactive member of the Accounts Payable Management Team To provide leadership and Management of the Team, responsible for training, motivation and development of the individuals within the team. Responsible for monitoring and overseeing timely and accurate Resolution of any issues or queries raised for the team. Set the team targets and expectations on a monthly basis. Ensure all staff are proficient in clear and concise communication with agencies, customers, and internal teams. Review individual team member performance on a monthly basis, document review and copy to staff. Establish regular training sessions with team to ensure they are proficient in the most efficient mechanism to perform reconciliations Perform annual staff appraisals objective settings. Manage the Month End close in accordance to strict timetable set by Management Accounts/Head of Department. Provide relevant reports and analysis to the AP Manager such as aged creditors or ledger balances, volumes, timelines and quality of work. Manage or provide support within the capacity of Accounts Payable in the implementation of new Purchasing or Finance Systems. Set goals for all team members as appropriate. Revise goals, objectives as a result of output from reviews Assist with Internal and external Audits. Ad hoc projects as directed by the Accounts Payable Manager or Head of Department. Provide holiday and sick cover as necessary. Deliver KPI and productivity reports. In return you will receive a competitive salary and Pension. To submit an application in strict confidence, please apply only using the appropriate link Parkside Recruitment Ltd is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. Parkside Recruitment is an Equal Opportunities Employer. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/AccountsPayableteamLeaderSupervisor_job****