Title: Commercial Strategy Analyst
Webindex: 70656711
Company: CMC Consulting
Description: My client a international business now has an outstanding opportunity for a Commercial Strategy Analyst. This role is extremely project focused with key responsibilities including: Identification, review and analysis of key strategic projects and drive real improvement in the strategic decision making process Work closely with all areas of the business to improve the strategic planning process Ensure the development of corporate strategy across the business and work with the business to prioritise key initiatives Recommend key potential initiatives and provide the necessary justifications. The successful candidate will ideally be a graduate and also have either an MBA or Accounting Qualification (ACA); you must be experienced in project evaluation, possibly from a modelling, consulting or corporate finance background. The ability to be able to influence from board level downwards will be essential as will outstanding communications skills. Competent systems user  including good Excel skills. You are likely to have Project management, Strong analytics and 'good business sense', conceptually creative, natural big picture reflex and excellent oral and written presentation skills are necessary. Where UK qualifications are specified we will take into account overseas equivalents. To apply for this position candidates must be eligible to work in country in which the role is based. We regret that due to the high volume of applications we receive if you have not heard from us within 10 days, then your application has not been successful on this occasion. However, please do continue to apply for jobs advertised by CMC Consulting. For all our current vacancies please visit our website http://www.cmcconsulting.co.uk We do our best to ensure that the wording used in our job vacancies does not discriminate against an individual in any way. Please contact us if you feel that this is not the case.