Title: Commercial Underwriting Motor Team Leader
Webindex: 68714140
Company: Randstad Financial & Professional
Description: Our client, a leading insurance company, currently seeks a Commercial Motor Team Leader, to be based in London. The Commercial Motor Team Leader will be responsible for:  To take full ownership of day to day management of business class in the Head of Commercial Motor's absence.  To develop and demonstrate in depth knowledge of the specialist business classes (Motor Fleet/Motor Trade/Taxi).  Responsible for the Quoting in accordance with Terms of Reference all Fleet Renewals and New Business. To promote maintain relationships with key supporting brokers.  All work to be processed in a timely fashion to meet Motor Insurance Database Time to Supply targets.  Respond effectively to both internal and external correspondence  Accurately write up new business cases, clear down PRV reports, invite renewals action renewal scrutinies correctly. As such, the successful Commercial Motor Team Leader will have the following skills and experience:  Experience of working in an Underwriting environment/motor broking with specific focus on Commercial Motor Fleet business  Self motivated  Act in a professional manner at all times  A positive attitude  Ability to work under pressure  Good organisation  Computer literate, MS Office  Team player  Ability to communicate well at all levels both verbally and in writing  Well spoken and presented  Ability to cope under pressure This is a great opportunity for an experienced Commercial Motor Team Leader with strong communication skills to work for one of the most respected insurance companies in the world. If you have the above qualities, and wish to further your career as a Commercial Motor Team Leader, then please apply today. Randstad Financial Professional encourage applications from individuals of all ages backgrounds. Appointment will be made on merit alone but candidates must be able to demonstrate their ability to work in the UK. Randstad Financial Professional acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment an employment business for temporary recruitment as defined by the Conduct of Employment Agencies Employment Business Regulations **** This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/CommercialUnderwritingMotorTeamLeader_job****