Title: Accountancy Apprentice
Webindex: 72239537
Company: Accounting Academy Partnership
Description: A fantastic opportunity has arisen to work as an accounts / apprentice with a successful company that provides a variety of essential services to Schools, Academies and Colleges. The role will involve working at four locations (one location a day for four days) and assisting with financial services within the schools. Responsibilities:  Use data management systems to input data and manage data management systems as required  Comply with Schools Financial Regulations and Standing Orders  Raise purchase orders ensuring the correct cost centre is selected  Ensure correct authorisation is obtained before the purchase order is released  Ensure that all relevant documentation related to payment of invoices is accurate and attached before payment is made, such as purchase orders and delivery notes  Process Invoices whilst e nsuring they are correctly coded both nominal and VAT, authorised and paid within creditors time restrictions.  Ensure all supplier account details are up to date and maintained  Reconciliation of suspense accounts  Management of the petty cash system ensuring prompt reimbursement of individual receipts and claims  Detailed monitoring of the main and separate departmental capitation and budgets.  Recording of income on city councils system and school system including the monitoring thereof.  Provision of budget reports for the school and the consultant Support the Schools’ Consultant with the monitoring of salaries and forecasting. The successful applicant will receive fantastic training and have the opportunity to build a lucrative career within the business as well as have the opportunity to work towards higher financial certifications. The apprenticeship position is in conjunction with studying for your AAT qualification. The training programme lasts for ****4 months and covers **** hours of teaching. You achieve the highly respected Association of Accounting Technician (AAT) qualification at levels **** (about GCSE), level 3 (about A2 level) and level 4 (about first year of a Degree Course). The programme is **** day in the Academy and 4 days in employment each week, for (24 months ). You will be learning about all aspects of Accounting and learning new skills related to how businesses work. While you are with AAP there will be a good mixture of handson practical work and written work. Training will take place in one of AAP’s highspec training rooms with access to excellent equipment. Training will be made as interactive as possible, with access to elearning provided for each Apprentice. You will be expected to complete practical assessments and written assignments, as well as examinations (there are **** of them). This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/AccountancyApprentice_job****