Title: Group Financial Accountant
Webindex: 68292692
Company: Black Swan Associates Limited
Description: Job No: **** Job Title: Group Financial Accountant Industry: Financial Services Salary: **** ****  bonus, pension, priv. health etc A fantastic opportunity for a qualified accountant to join a global prestigious Financial Services organisation. With hundreds of firms as members, and thousands of companies trading with them every day. The Finance department incorporates a number of different functions, including; financial reporting, business finance, investor relations, tax and treasury. As part of the Finance Department, the Group Financial team owns the end to end Group consolidation and external financial reporting. This role, reporting to the Group Financial Reporting Manager, has responsibilities for Group Consolidation, Balance sheet production and the ownership of statutory accounts for a number of the subsidiaries. Key responsibilities:  Lead capital project accounting at the Group level.  Take responsibility for key aspects of the Group consolidation including intercompany and as part of the Group function ensuring consistent application of intercompany policy across subsidiaries.  Own endtoend production and delivery of statutory accounts for UK subsidiary companies including interaction with external auditors and internal business owners.  Own the production and reporting of the monthly internal Balance Sheets for the management accounts including the reporting of capital investment and FSA regulated capital levels.  Work with HR team and be finance liaison for awards, share schemes, pensions and other HR items.  Act as Finance point person for Groupwide, consolidated project reporting and accounting (actuals, budget and forecasts) which requires close liaison with finance colleagues from across the Group.  Provide support to the Finance Systems team by being the Department expert on accounting data structure.  Provide broader support to the Finance Department as required (eg during key external reporting periods) Candidate requirements:  Qualified accountant (CIMA, ACA or ACCA)  Good working knowledge of IFRS accounting standards  Experience in production of statutory accounts and consolidation  Experience of intercompany process across a multinational Group  Degree educated with a minimum of ****:1 achieved  Experience, with evidence of success, of working with people with no/ limited financial background or understanding  Confident in the use of accounting software  Microsoft Dynamics GP, TM1 is desirable not essential.