Title: Dynamics AX Finance Consultant, ****k, Yorkshire
Webindex: 72200044
Company: UKStaffsearch
Description: Dynamics AX Finance Consultant, ****k plus benefits, Yorkshire Join one of the fastest growing AX Partners in the UK I require a Dynamics AX / AXAPTA Financial Consultant, preferably with a background in professional services, for a wellknown global firm, with major UK operations based in Yorkshire. My client is soon to begin one of the largest UK implementations of Dynamics AX2012 ever undertaken in the professional services sector and is known to be an extremely generous investor in staff. This is therefore an excellent opportunity to build a career with an exciting firm at the cutting edge of their industry whilst at the same time, gaining valuable experience of working with a company making a big impression across the market. My client has grown exponentially in the UK in recent years and now completely dominates it's marketplace. Along with offering an impressive range of products and services, the company also offers a highly personalised model of customer service that marks them out as one of the most progressive, clientfocused firms in Britain today. My client is now looking for a highlymotivated individual with good financial consultancy skills to join their handpicked AX team. The successful applicant for this role will be expected to have a strong grounding in AX financial consultancy. The position will be homebased with ocassional travel to the company's UK HQ in Yorkshire. The Financial Consultant MUST have:  Solid working experience of Dynamics AX / AXAPTA  ideally v2012 but other versions will be considered  An excellent grounding in Financials  Good organisational skills and the ability to direct a team to work to deadlines The Financial Consultant MAY have:  Experience of working in the professional services vertical Don't miss out on this once in a lifetime opportunity  my client is interviewing now Various remuneration packages are on offer depending on skills and experience but would include a generous basic salary and pension scheme as well as opportunities to earn very competitive bonuses. The holiday package is fantastic and there is free parking at the office To discuss in more detail please send your CV or call James McDonagh on N/A in complete confidence ASAP Due to the nature of this permanent role you MUST be able to live and work in the UK either by holding a full valid UK working visa or be eligible to do so by other means qualifying as my client is unable to sponsor any work permits Nigel Frank International is the leading Microsoft Dynamics recruitment firm in the UK, advertising more Dynamics AX / Axapta jobs than any other agency. We deal with both Microsoft Partners End Users throughout the UK and Europe and we have never had more live requirements Axapta jobs for Microsoft Dynamics professionals. Solely by specializing in placing candidates in the Microsoft Dynamics market I have built relationships with most of the key employers in the UK and have an unrivalled understanding of where the best opportunities Axapta jobs are. I understand the need for discretion and would welcome the opportunity to speak to any Microsoft Dynamics candidates that are considering a new career or job either now or in the future. Confidentiality is of course guaranteed. For information on the Microsoft Dynamics market and some of the opportunities Dynamics AX / Axapta jobs that are available I can be contacted on N/A or by email Please see (url removed) (url removed) or for more fantastic Microsoft Dynamics opportunities Key skills: MS Dynamics AX / AXAPTA / Business Systems Analyst / Project Management / Consultant / Developer / Cambridgeshire / Essex / Suffolk / Kent / Norfolk / Licolnshire / Leicestershire / Northamptonshire / Bedfordshire / Birmingham / London / Buckinghamshire / Oxfordshire / Yorkshire / Nottinghamshire / Cambridge / End user