Title: Technical Account Manager
Webindex: 71171000
Company: Moriati Media UK Ltd
Description: Technical Account Manager ****  comm Our client, a leading media monetisation platform is looking to recruit a Technical Account Manager to join their vibrant team based in London. Our clients online content provides a service platform for Broadcasters, publishers and ad networks and pure online players that all benefit from our clients solutions. As Technical Account Manager, you will support the Commercial Director throughout the sales process. You will be technically aware handling requirements of propective clients, opening and showcasing demo accounts, working on prototypes ensuring all major technical aspects of a partnership are known. You will be driven and passionate to ensure all technical needs are met accurately and effectively. With enthusiasm you will build strong rapport with with clients with the aim to be on top of all tasks and demands. You will be involved with product training as new features are released as well as introducing new ideas and the best soutions within the market. You will have experience working in other key European markets and therefore multiple languages is preferred (Italian /Spanish or French) would be advantageous as there may be potential to work in new offices in Europe. You will be knowledgeable about the industry and the market enabling you to be aware of competitors and new trends, with XML, HTML/Javascript,Actionscript and experience troubleshooting client technical issues. If you have the drive and vision to be part of this exciting organisation then apply now. Key Responsibilities of the Technical Account Manager include: . You will be the main point of contact for client technical support and provide solutions . Develop a deep understanding of each clients strategic objectives . Deliver pre sales technical consultation along with the commercial team . Handle on going client roadmap driving prioritsation, analysis and resolution of complex technical issues . Manage customer training as neccessary . Proactive with product development, board meetings,and representing client needs . Get clients live in conjunction with Client Relation team Qualities we're looking for in the Technical Account Manager include: . Previous significant experience within B2B, media internet advertsing and monetisation with understanding of online video . Proven background building deep relationships with complex clients in an account management or consutative sales company . Simpler experience in client facing ad technology/adoperation roles . Multiple languages preferred (Italian/Spanish  essential, French optional) . Experience working in other key European markets preferred . Strong knowledge in XML, HTML/Javascript,Actionscript and experience troubleshooting client technical issues . UK Ad Operations and online publishers contacts . Excellent communication and presentation skills . A confident telephone and facetoface manner You must be eligible to work in the UK to apply for this position This job was originally posted as www.SalesTarget.co.uk/JobSeeking/TechnicalAccountManager_job****