Title: Sales Representative (Horticulture)
Webindex: 71678606
Company: Taylor 2 Recruitment
Description: SALES REPRESENTATIVE Our client is a wellestablished garden centre and nursery group based on the south coast. They now have a new and existing position of Sales Representative for their Nursery. You should come from a Sales background and have a strong knowledge of bedding in particular. You will be selling into primarily into the independent garden centre market. Job description as follows: Job Title:Sales Representative Responsible to: Wholesale General Manager Responsible for: Self. Purpose of Role: Serves customers by selling products; meeting customer needs. To carry out the daytoday sales operations of the Wholesaledepartment. Responsibilities: To achieve the approved annual sales budget for the Department. To research and understand the requirements of the market and feed information to the Wholesale General Manager. To maintain and continuously improve quality of service in line with customer requirements. To create, implement and report sales targets to the Wholesale General Manager. Maintain a detailed knowledge of company products. Maintain excellent relationships with existing customers and an awareness of their specific requirements. Develop new customers. To ensure all end of month procedures are carried out in an accurate and timely fashion. To ensure all required paperwork sent to the Sales Office is accurate and timely. Specific Duties: Service existing accounts, obtain orders, and establish new accounts by planning and organising daily work schedule to call on existing or potential sales outlets. Adjust content of sales presentations by studying the type of sales outlet. Focus sales efforts by studying existing and potential volume of customers. Submit orders by referring to price lists and product literature. Keep management informed by submitting activity and results reports, such as daily call reports, weekly work plans, and monthly and annual sales achievement analyses. Monitor competition by gathering current marketplace information on pricing, products, new products, delivery schedules, merchandising techniques, etc. Recommend changes in products, service, and policy by evaluating results and competitive developments. Resolve customer complaints by investigating problems; developing solutions; preparing reports; making recommendations to management. Maintain professional and technical knowledge by attending educational workshops; reviewing professional publications; establishing personal networks Provide historical records by maintaining records on area and customer sales. Contribute to team effort by accomplishing related results as needed. Flexibility: To perform any other duties and objectives as required to contribute effectively to the achievement of the business aims and objectives. Limits of Authority: May not commit capital expenditure May not commit revenue expenditure on stock May not vary employees rates of pay. May not Hire or Fire employees. May not carry out disciplinary procedures. Measures of Performance: Achievement of annual budget, specifically:  Sales  Margins Completion of monthly required sales visits Completion of required paperwork conforms to company policy. Quality of service measured by customer satisfaction survey. Salary circa **** Bonus related pay to be advised Company vehicle. Holiday entitlement: tba This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SalesRepresentativeHorticulture_job****