Title: EMEA Business Development Manager
Webindex: 69577650
Company: UKStaffsearch
Description: Fastmarkets is a leading global provider of metals prices and impartial, independent breaking news and research. They are currently going through an exciting expansion phase and are looking to grow their London based Business Development team. They are looking for individuals, ideally with European languages to increase market share. Below are some key responsibilities that you will be required to do within your role:  Demonstrate an understanding of the markets that the company operates in and an in depth knowledge of the company`s products, who buys them and why.  Confidence in approaching potential prospects and ability to demonstrate the company`s products effectively  Sell subscriptions and data feeds in line with the Sales Director`s direction and strategy To be successful with your application you will have the following:  You will speak Italian and ideally another language but this is not essential  You will have experience in selling financial based information services  Excellent sales and negotiation skills within a B2B context  Demonstrate strong drive and enthusiasm  Excellent communication and `people skills`, both verbally and in writing  Ability to work under pressure and with a strong eye for detail Fastmarkets area global provider of non ferrous and precious metal prices and impartial, independent breaking news and research. They have been established now for over 10 years now and have a offices in USA and Asia. Basic up to ****  **** OTE (uncapped)  Benefits Your application will be reviewed by Michael Page. Please be aware we receive a high volume of applications for every role advertised regularly receive applications from candidates who exceed the job credentials. We will only contact you within the next 14 days if you are selected for interview. Where specific UK qualifications are required we will take into account overseas equivalents. Michael Page is a world leading recruitment consultancy. This job was originally posted as N/A .uk/JobSeeking/EMEABusinessDevelopmentManager_job****