Title: Recruitment Consultant  Contract  Media Division
Webindex: 72233918
Company: Timothy James Consulting
Description: Recruitment Consultant  Contract  Media Division Up to ****k  Commission and Benefits London Mayfair Are you a Recruitment Consultant that is looking for opportunities for development and career progression in 2013? Well why not join one of the UK's fastest growing companies? If company culture is what is important to you then we have the support, professionalism and fun to take you all the way in your career. The Company Voted in the Top 10 Best Places to work by Sunday Times Timothy James Consulting is an innovative and dynamic place to work with exciting career opportunities. Due to the fantastic year on year growth, and move into brand new offices based in Mayfair, we are now looking to expand our London team and are seeking driven Consultants to join our success. The Team Working with our Contract Consultants will see you joining a hard working team with significant experience under their belt, supporting each other, cross selling and utilising their individual strengths. They also like to have fun and often spend time with each other outside of work. They are currently one of the highest performing teams in the company so come and join them and help add to their amazing achievements. You As a Recruitment Consultant what we look is drive, commitment and sales ability and we will support you every step of the way in your career. We have a diverse range of backgrounds in our organisation but we all have one thing in common  PASSION. What We Offer  Competitive salary plus lucrative commission structure  Strong, supportive company culture  Ongoing development with real opportunities for career advancement  Reward and recognition including lunch club to fine dining restaurants, company holidays and all expenses paid team nights out and much more If you are fed up of working for and organisation that offers no recognition and the chance to grow, and want to make a change in 2013 this is an opportunity that is not to be missed. For more information please contact Ben Gill on b.gilltimothyjamesconsulting.com This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/RecruitmentConsultantContractMediaDivision_job****