Title: Norwegian Speakers needed
Webindex: 72411451
Company: mgi recruitment
Description: We are Looking for Norwegian speaker with team player, good interpersonal skills, energetic, customer oriented. Our client is Global Service operating in Belfast. If you've been thinking of working in UK than this language job is your ideal opportunity. If this sounds good to you just go ahead and send your CV Now  kayesa(at)mgirecruitment.com Responsibilities: Acts as first point of contact for any Cisco Customer, Partners/Reseller or Employees in the specific country you will be operating on. You will be required to take inbound calls in English depending on business need. Provides support to customers via the Telephone, Email and Chat Supports the customer in the following areas: Ordering products, Employee support, Cisco certification and Training, Partner Help, Technical Support and Presales. Redirects the caller to the appropriate department within Cisco. Solves customers problems and make customers aware of CISCO products/website and educate the customer to become more self sufficient Takes ownership until customer's problem is fully resolved. Flexible to assist in other teams across the business depending on business need. Essential Criteria: Fluency in written and spoken English BA/BSc degree (or equivalent) or 612 months customer service experience Customer Focus – 612 months outstanding customer service experience in a service driven environment. Specialist Expertise – Computer literate and confident in ability to browse Internet. Interest in computer networking and infrastructures. Working with others  Demonstrates experience of working in a team based environment supporting the team in achieving the highest quality standards and takes an active role in generating team morale Planning Organising  Ability to multitask, plan and prioritise workload Effective Communication  Excellent communication skills both verbal and written Resilience  Demonstrates resilience and ability to work on own initiative Problem Solving  Demonstrates problem solving and troubleshooting skills Responsibility for Results  Demonstrates ownership and accountability to achieve deadlines and targets. Takes ownership to enhance your own learning to ensure sufficient knowledge to excel in the role. Apply for this job: If this looks good to you just go ahead and Send your CV Now: Email: kayesa(at)mgirecruitment.com  **** ****