Title: Business Development Manager  Leading Financial Lending PLC
Webindex: 68256188
Description: Business Development Manager  Leading Financial Lending PLCCrawley (RH****)****  **** pa plus bonus potentialThe Opportunity:We are the market leaders in Home Collected credit.Even in today s economic climate, some businesses are still growing and we re happy to be one of them. In fact, tough times mean that more and more people trust us to offer them financial products that put them in control.Our responsible approach to lending means we continue to be both sound and profitable. That s great news if you re looking for a career that offers both stability and opportunity. The Business Development Manager Role:As a Business Development Manager, you ll monitor and provide structured support to a group of selfemployed agents who lend and collect on our behalf, so good communication, analytical motivational skills are essential. You ll also be visiting customers in their homes, responding to their individual needs, so naturally you'll need the ability to deal with a variety of different circumstances. Using Management Information as a decision making tool plays a large part in this role, therefore your Excel skills will be well developed.Don t worry if you don t have any previous experience in the financial services sector we ll give you a comprehensive induction. You can also expect an ongoing management development programme to equip you with all the skills and knowledge you need.It s a role as varied as it is satisfying. But to succeed in it, you must hold a full driving licence and have access to a vehicle for work use. In return, we ll offer you a competitive salary package with bonus, 25 days holiday, pension and generous mileage allowance.Candidates must provide proof of eligibility to work in the UK when requested.We are an Equal Opportunities Employer.You may have worked in the following capacities:Lending Sales, Senior Sales Executive, Financial Services, Loans Underwriter, Field Sales Executive, Relationship Manager. Application Statement:By applying for this role you give express consent for us to process submit (subject to required skills) your application to our client. The Business Development Manager role is brought to you by RecruitmentRevolution. com The UK's first online recruitment agency created ****