Title: EMEA Inside Sales Agent
Webindex: 68062805
Company: Lyall Associates
Description: The EMEA Inside Sales Agent is responsible for the development and growth of the revenue and pipeline within a designated territory. The inside sales team is a key part of the overall EMEA strategy to support the revenue objectives of the region. Inside sales will perform the following functions: Sales (in conjunction with partners) to the installed base of no touch accounts. Joint sales campaigns with partners to partners prospect list Support of campaigns into major accounts to expand knowledge and awareness within those accounts Event pre call and invite Event follow up of leads Follow up and management of deals in deal registration system Contact point for certain partners Primary Duties and Responsibilities Focus on developing business within enterprise accounts and maximize opportunities in installed base Work closely with Regional Sales Managers and Channel partners to identify, position, and sell product value. Regularly update Regional Sales Managers with prospect information/feedback. Remain knowledgeable and uptodate on product roadmap, industry changes, and competitive landscape. Update, create and manage sales database. Support channel partners to close opportunities Provide a point of contact for top tiers of partners Maintain records of all prospect activity within SalesForce.com. Job Complexity Ability to target, qualify and potentially close opportunities Requires specialized EMEA market knowledge May independently verify, investigate and solve complex problems Capability to work with sales team, partners and agencies internationally Supervision Normally receives guidance on routine work, general instructions on new assignments Assignments will be provided day to day by inside sales team leader Education/Experience Minimum ****  3 years Lead Generation or Inside Sales experience or relevant experience selling IT Network and security products. Recent experience in a high tech company Ability to develop qualified leads for the sales force through outbound and inbound telephone contact with limited assistance from team members. Ability to qualify all prospects, track progress through the sales cycle, and substantially contribute to pipeline growth including having previously called on contacts at potential customers in the IT Networking and/or Security space. Experience working with Channel Partners within the IT Networking and/or Security space a plus. Proficient with Microsoft Word, Excel, Outlook; SalesForce.com a big plus. Must be independent, selfmotivated and successdriven, yet willing to work within a team environment. Proficient use of MS Office applications Fluency in English This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/EMEAInsideSalesAgent_job****