Title: ASSISTANT CAR SALES MANAGER, BRISTOL
Webindex: 69000079
Company: Hot Recruitment
Description: Assistant Car Sales Manager, Bristol. Our clients are a motoring group consisting of **** dealerships across the country and are currently recruiting for an Assistant Car Sales Manager to join their Bristol branch. WHO WE NEED BEHIND THE WHEEL We are looking for a personable, enthusiastic, thorough individual who will assist in leading and motivating a team of sales executives to sell vehicles including new and used cars in addition to maximising sales in the motability and local business markets. In the role of Assistant Car Sales Manager you will:  Be well organised with the ability to manage your time effectively.  Possess excellent interpersonal and customer facing skills  Be well versed in building effective working relationships and motivating those around you to continuously improve the business. You will have knowledge of the Motor Industry with a proven track record in achieving ambitious sales targets and looking for the next step into management or have similar experience in a comparable role. All candidates must have a full clean UK Driving Licence THE REWARDS As Assistant Sales Manager you will be rewarded with:  A basic salary of **** pa with an ote of up to **** per annum  Brand new Company Vehicle  Pension  Enhanced holiday entitlement  The opportunity to develop a sustainable, successful career. So, if you re ready to drive your way to success and deliver a star performance, then look no further. All you need to apply is vehicle sales experience, a full, clean driving licence, a GCSEstandard education (or equivalent) and a positive, flexible approach. HOW TO APPLY: Please note that in accordance with Hot Recruitment Consultants recruitment and consultancy processes, if you are shortlisted your CV may be sent to the Hiring Manager at our Clients business and by applying for this position you give your consent for us to do so. Applications for the role of Assistant Car Sales Manager will only be considered if we are provided with a full CV detailing your similar recent work experience with dates of employment and ensure your contact numbers and residential address details are on your CV. You must have eligibility to work in the UK and a full valid UK Driving Licence. Please note, only suitable applicants will be contacted and incomplete CVs will not be considered. We look forward to hearing from you Sales, Management, Car Sales, Assistant Manager, Automotive, Motor, Retail, Vehicle