Title: Sales Coordinator
Webindex: 68356152
Company: Office Angels
Description: Our client based in Stockton is looking to recruit a Sales coordinator to assist the back Office Team Leader and UK Supervisor for one or more functional UK and Export sales areas. Duties include To be a contact for dealers in the area, receiving mail and telephone calls To ensure that dealer requests for order placing, quotations, literature and general assistance are acknowledged within 24 hours and responded to in a timely, professional manner. To deal with queries from dealers regarding orders, products and shipments and also regarding price enquiries and sales visits. To monitor orders for accurate ship times and report back to dealers. To pursue feedback with dealers regarding price enquiries and sales visits. To effectively carry out the timely processing of new orders, approval drawings, orderbook management ( ready to ship ) and order archiving. To coordinate export shipments from all production divisions, including quotes, bookings and tracking. To assist in the distribution and monitoring Rework/Remake requests to the relevant production division. Inform the Back Office Team Leader, Supervisor and Sales Manager in a timely manner on relevant facts gathered from correspondence regarding competition, product acceptance, trends in the industry and opportunities for new products. To assist the Back Office Supervisor and Sales Manager and monitor the establishments of new dealers in the Area. To assist with visiting Dealers transportations, training and entertainment as necessary. To liaise with the other coordinators, Back office Supervisor and Sales Managers in this area. To carry out any other reasonable duties requested by the Back Office Team Leader Skills and experience required Previous experience in a commercial sales or customer service environment Excellent communication and interpersonal skills Excellent customercare skills Good working knowledge of MS Word, Excel, recognised email Software Please send your Cv to (url removed) Office Angels are an equal opportunities employer