Title: Business Development Managers / Client Relationship Managers
Webindex: 66887344
Company: Networx Recruitment
Description: We are currently looking for motivated, sales driven Business Development Managers / Client Relationship Managers to join our award winning company. You will be based in Leeds / East Midlands for a basic salary of ****  **** depending upon skills plus extensive benefits package. Benefits include: uncapped commission and bonus (established BDM s earn six figure salaries), monthly mobile phone allowance, business mileage, laptop, benefits package including pension and health care scheme. networx are a provider of end to end recruitment solutions, who possess a reputation for the delivery of innovative products and pioneering services to the HR arena. For the 2nd year running we have been awarded with Best Companies **** star accreditation, officially recognising networx as one of the top companies to work for and celebrating over 10 years as market leaders within the industry. We have been instrumental in changing the way companies recruit, by delivering bespoke recruitment solutions to meet the demands and challenges of our clients. Due to ambitious growth plans, 2013 brings the launch of some exciting additional products and services to cement our existing client relationships and gain competitive advantage when developing new business. We have one the widest product portfolios available, and deliver exceptional services across the entire recruitment process, from candidate attraction and talent management through to social media strategies and applicant tracking systems. This is an exciting time for the business, and the Business Development Manager / Client Relationship Manager role provides you with a fantastic opportunity to combine your New Business Development and Account Management skills. It requires a highly consultative, solutionsales approach with the ability to deliver complex solutions to HR decision makers in a highly professional manner. Targeting companies across your designated geographical area, you must be a selfstarter with the ability to seek out new business opportunities using the latest business development methods and have the experience and desire to make your own client appointments. The successful candidate should ideally be located in the Leeds area as the role requires you to spend a minimum of 2 days in the office, fully supported by the Regional Sales Manager to ensure your immediate success. The remainder of your time will be spent visiting your target clients in your designated territory, so you must be willing to travel. Consideration will be given to candidates living in the East Midlands area who are willing to travel to the Leeds office Monday s and Friday s on a weekly basis. You must have the motivation and discipline required to work on your own initiative, however, team interaction is highly important to us, so you will always have the support of your team and managers to ensure your success. We offer a comprehensive training course with a continual training and development plan. In addition to a competitive basic salary and benefits package, we reward success with an uncapped commission structure designed to maximise your earning potential and progression opportunities for successful individuals