Title: Corporate Business Development Executive
Webindex: 55414504
Company: JOBG8
Description: Realex Payments is a leading payments service provider with over **** clients processing over ****bn in online payments per annum. Operating closely with financial institutions, we provide a suite of services around payment processing, fraud & risk management and currency tools. Come and help us build the future of payments in a growing company with real potential for professional and personal growth We will develop your expertise and skills, working together to excel and grow. Our Hiring Manager says: Realex Payments continue to experience rapid growth across the organisation and in particular have had significant success in our UK operations. We are firmly committed to growing our capacity here and will be expanding our team accordingly. Based out of Hammersmith, London, the UK Business Development team focus on selling to both SME and corporate clients and we are now looking for a successful sales professional to join our UK Corporate Business Development Team. New business is the primary focus of this role thus requiring highly motivated individuals, with extensive proven networks, who will continue to deliver on agreed targets. What you will be doing: Generate leads at a senior level through existing network or direct channels, develop the pipeline and to follow through the sales cycle to go live. Understand a prospects current process, map it out and to apply the Realex solution as required. There will be a training period of approx 3 months during which time the candidate may be required to spend some time between at our Head office in Dublin. While this role is office based, we will consider partial home working after a period of time depending on the level of sales support the candidate requires. The individual needs to be highly motivated and driven towards achieving/exceeding their targets. The individual must maintain a consistently high level of industry knowledge at all times. Present to the highest level and document all process and leads. What qualities you will bring: A minimum of six years senior sales experience in the software as a service, card payments and/or the travel and retail sector. A background in generating high level corporate solution sales with a proven track record of achieving excellent results is required It is essential that the candidate has an extensive network in travel or retail and experience of software as a service solutions selling. Demonstrate strong sales planning skills both at a sector level and at individual corporate prospect level. It is essential that the applicant can display a history of successful direct sales into large corporate clients in either the Retail or Travel sector. Experience in a long, consultative sales cycle is required with a strong attention to detail. The ideal candidate will preferably have a third level or professional qualification. It helps if you also are/have: Experience in payments is desirable. Does this sound like you? If you think you are the person for the role apply now to progress your career in the payments industry We are offering an excellent basic salary, all expenses, with an opportunity to command a significant OTE further details on application.