Title: OEM Sales Manager  Americas
Webindex: 68095319
Company: Hays
Description: OEM Export Sales Manager UK Based  North and South America ****  ****  Uncapped Commission  Benefits Our client is a manufacturer, distributor and installer of cash handling equipment to the banking, retail and gaming markets. Specialising in coin/note counters, teller automation systems, ATM's and other selfservice equipment, they offer firstrate products and excellent customer service. This position however will focus on selling components and parts including dispensers, ticket machines, counter mechanisms and tollbooths into Original Equipment Manufacturers across North and South America. With a large portfolio of global accounts, this job will build on these existing relationships with a view to increasing the companies' international reputation. Thanks to expansion, the company now feels it is time to bolster their international sales force. Therefore, our client is currently looking for an Export Sales Manager to look after both South and North America. Working alongside the OEM Sales Director, you will join an existing team of four, but will have extensive responsibility of the before mentioned region. Despite a great deal of support from both the company and the Sales Director, it will be your responsibility to look after your region and manage accounts within; creating and implementing sales strategy at every chance. In addition you will be challenged with looking for new key accounts that could potentially offer lucrative contracts. At times you will be selling into your competitors, so it is important that you can quickly grasp how the market works as well as keeping up to date with their activities. You will use your industry experience or engineering knowledge to pick up new products swiftly as well as offering your customer the best possible solution. To be considered for this exciting new vacancy, experience in selling cash handling equipment or components would be hugely advantageous. Failing this, you should be able to demonstrate a strong sales record in a mechanically/electricallyengineered product. As well as the above, you will be able to show a strong international sales record, preferably into one of the Americas, but this is not vital. If you speak an additional language, especially Spanish, this will put your application at an immediate advantage. You will be confident, calm, collected and demonstrate a professional sales approach. You should be articulate, hard working, ambitious and happy with extensive international travel. If you would like to know more about the role, then please contact Chris Loveridge at Hays on **** **** Hays Specialist Recruitment Limited acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job you accept the T C's, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found at hays.co.uk This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/OEMSalesManagerAmericas_job****