Title: Senior Sales Executive
Webindex: 71170782
Company: Moriati Media UK Ltd
Description: Senior Sales Executive ********  Comm Our client, a leading global B2B publisher, is looking to recruit a Senior Sales Executive to join their vibrant team based in South London. As Senior Sales Executive you will be responsible for proactively selling advertsing space to clients for our clients across print and online. With confidence and enthusiasm you will have the opportunity to visit clients in the UK and abroad attending consumer and trade exhibitions. As a driven and passionate individual with the goal to succeed you will respond efficiently and professionally to advertiser/promotional requests. With strong communication skills you will liaise with other departments such as production, editorial and credit control.You will be target driven and record transactions effectively ensuring advertising proposals and booking are clear. You will cooperate with the running of the sales department including IBI's foreign agents. You will have previous B2B and online experience in multimedia publishing, ideally within weeklies. If you are ambitious and energetic and want to be part of a major media organisation then apply now. The Key Responsibilities of the Senior Sales Executive include: . Organising sales meetings, exhibitions, networking and business presentations . Key account management of clients, maintaining an after sales relationship with all clients . Conducting detailed preparation and research into the sales calls you make and the potential customer you are targeting . Maintaining a strong knowledge of the industry in which you work and any factors that may affect your business . Preparing, compiling and processing spreadsheets to report and communicate with your team . Producing a personal development plan to assist your progression within this role The Key qualities we are looking for in the Senior Sales Executive include: . Previous experience within B2B media sales and online . Experience of selling on a weekly . Previous Business to Business sales experience . Previous experience in multimedia publishing . Strong confidence to sell and negotiate at all levels . Ability to communicate at senior levels . Solid ability to learn and develop new and existing skills . Ability to work individually as well as part of a team . An ambitious individual who is willing to get involved and progress within the company . A selfmotivated individual who is well organised and client focused . Excellent knowledge of Excel, PowerPoint/Outlook . A good team player with a strong work ethic You must be eligible to work in the UK to apply for this position. This job was originally posted as www.SalesTarget.co.uk/JobSeeking/SeniorSalesExecutive_job****