Title: Graduate Sales Executive, Construction Products, Surrey
Webindex: 68702817
Company: Aaron Wallis Sales Recruitment
Description: Graduate Sales Executive, Construction Products, Surrey. up to **** Basic Salary  bonuses  car  expenses. This is a graduate sales role with a manufacturer of 'green' construction products that requires an exceptional graduate from a technical discipline (scientific or engineering led) that has progressed into a sales role, either business to business or proactive business to consumer sales, i.e. where you proactively approach and engage customers to purchase for instance door to door sales, furniture retail, utility sales, etc. This is a new business oriented sales role which involves strategic cold calling so is not for 'shrinking violets' or anyone that would be fazed by sales rejection. The absolute ideal candidate will have a construction related degree (Civil Engineering, Construction Management, Construction Management, Construction Project Management, Building Sciences, Environmental Engineering, Structural Engineering, Geophysics, Geomechanics, Construction Science, Construction Economics, etc) and progressed to have experience of making Business to Business Cold Calls. Above the key requirements of a degree and some sales experience is your attitude; you will be confident, practically minded, ambitious, a team player, highly driven and an achiever. In the first year the overall earnings with bonuses will be circa ****K though in three years it is likely that your total earnings package will be ****K plus. This dynamic organisation is experiencing significant and rapid growth and manufacture highly patented products which help companies reduce their energy wastage, energy costs and carbon footprint whilst increasing their profitability. This role is within a small growing company and whilst it may not be the formalised training programme of a major corporate you will be exposed to all areas of the business operation and will be involved in highlevel meetings from day one. As a consequence your knowledge of operations, project management, sales and 'how business works as a whole' will rapidly increase across your first couple of couple of years where you are then expected to progress into project implementation, technical specification sales or key account management. To demonstrate the qualities required your CV should demonstrate indications of being above the 'norm'  perhaps you have played sport at a high level or represented your university in debating competitions, had involvement in the Student Union, led charity fundraising campaigns or something similarly 'outstanding' like working for charities on a volunteer basis, climbing mountains, undertaking the Duke of Edinburgh or similar awards, etc. As you can probably tell we are looking for an achiever with a 'zest for life' and a key part of the interview process will be based around your attitude, aspirations and determination to get ahead. The role requires a selfmotivated individual that is a 'sponge' for information and has a desire to learn and grow. As such the role requires good alphanumeric skills, IT competency, the ability to 'think outside the box' and above all dedication, hard work and selfdiscipline. The role requires an individual with brilliant communication skills together with high levels of drive and intelligence together with a reasonable understanding of maths and design. As a person you will be articulate, highly personable, well presented, self motivated and a good listener. To apply you will also be a driver. A laptop, blackberry, and other tools required to succeed are provided. The deadline for applications is Friday 1st February with interviews planned for Friday 8th February in Weybridge, Surrey. The recruitment process will include a psychometric questionnaire and formal ability testing. Aaron Wallis are the retained exclusive recruiter for this role. To apply email robert.scottaaronwallis.co.uk with your CV or alternatively call Tom Ward or Rob Scott of Aaron Wallis on **** **** This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/GraduateSalesExecutiveConstructionProductsSurrey_job****