Title: Sales Executive / Account Manager, FMCG Global Brand
Webindex: 68807391
Company: Aaron Wallis Recruitment Training Ltd
Description: Sales Executive / Account Manager, FMCG Global Brand. Covering Brighton, Worthing, Burgess Hill, Haywards Heath, Crawley, Horsham, Uckfield, East Grinstead. **** basic  up to 20% bonus  Executive Company Car  25 days Holiday  Pension  Healthcare  Exceptional flexible benefits. This is an outstanding sales account management opportunity working for a multimillion pound manufacturer with an internationally recognised brand portfolio. Fantastic future career opportunities will be available and you will receive award winning sales marketing training. Your client base will include independent retailers, wholesalers and local independent multiple retailers covering Brighton, Worthing, Burgess Hill, Haywards Heath, Crawley, Horsham, Uckfield, East Grinstead and surrounding area. Managing an account portfolio  this role DOES NOT require previous industry experience. However to apply you must be a selfmotivated, intelligent, confident individual with the ambition and a desire to be the best that you possibly can. This is an exceptional opportunity to work for one of the world s most recognised FMCG brands, with a product that is almost recession proof and within a highly profitable industry sector. While many FMCG companies have struggled in the last two years this company has grown in terms of people, turnover and profit and continues to go from strength to strength. There are many fundamental reasons for this success, one being their positive and winning teamwork ethic and they are seeking an individual that embraces these values. They do not wish to hear from applicants whose hobbies are simply reading, listening to music or socialising with friends  They are looking for a person that has demonstrated throughout their life a desire to be above average . Where you ve excelled could be in any field  sport, charity work, education or sales. What does matter though is that you must be an achiever with a zest for life and a key part of the interview process will be based around your attitude, aspirations and determination to succeed. This role DOES NOT involve cold calling new clients, this is a nonaggressive consultative business development role where building lasting business relationships with retailers is essential. You will be given the support, training and leadership to ensure great success and job satisfaction. Honesty and integrity are essential ingredients to become successful within this organisation. You will be an on the way up individual of graduate calibre ideally with some sales experience but frustrated by a lack of self development and career opportunities. To apply please email a copy of your CV with a covering letter to Darren Dewrance of Aaron Wallis darren.dewranceaaronwallis.co.uk. Visit our website at URL removed for hundreds of sales jobs.