Title: DR ACCOUNT MANAGER  FANTASTIC STRATEGIC ROLE
Webindex: 71750603
Company: Ultimate Asset
Description: THE ROLE This is an industry leading role, working at a great agency on a range of stunning accounts Reporting into the Head of Performance and supported by a Media Executive and a dedicated Performance Analyst, you will play a key role within the department. You will be the main clientfacing contact across a number of accounts and will manage the team's output to deliver outstanding work and client service. This will entail attending and presenting in client meetings on everything from their overall business strategy, to media recommendations and rationale, marketplace & competitor trends and postcampaign evaluation. You will be responsible for managing the output of the extended team from start to finish. This means delegating tasks within the Performance team based on capacity and skillsets and briefing press/TV/OOH/Digital buyers, then ensuring that all high quality work is delivered to fully answer the client's brief within determined timeframes and budgets. REQUIREMENTS You must have a genuine interest in Performance marketing. This role requires someone who wants to progress in their career. You will be supported all the way so you must be someone who loves a challenge, wants to be stretched and has a passion for media. Other requirements include: Multimedia planning experience with a performance focus Full understanding of planning process from briefing to reporting campaign analysis Experience in projectmanaging and ability to deliver firstclass post campaign analysis presentations and media proposals. Confident and proficient in front of clients with strong communication skills on email and over the phone. An organised approach to managing work streams, both for your own work and that from within the extended team. It is a busy role so you would need to demonstrate strong timekeeping, prioritisation and personal admin skills. A likeable individual who can quickly strike up strong relationships with clients as well as internal colleagues and media owners. This is a great chance to join a fantastic agency, on brilliant clients. THE COMPANY You'll be working for one of the fastest growing media agencies in London which is part of a large agency group. This agency has produced a huge amount of industry leaders, with a reputation for cleaning up at awards ceremonies, attracting global megabrands and offering its staff clear and defined career paths. This agency's forward thinking and curious about what makes people tick. This is a fantastic opportunity so please get in contact with James Stevenson on **** **** **** I am also on LinkedIn (search for James Stevenson). We currently have a number of other exciting manager opportunities which I would love to chat through with you, all at prominent media agencies.