Title: Entertainment Sales Coordinator
Webindex: 68182091
Company: Alive Network Ltd
Description: Rare opportunity to work in a unique, exciting, live entertainment booking company with a fantastic team and an amazing office environment. This is an office based, inbound sales/customer service role that s dynamic and fast paced. The position offered is for **** year of maternity cover but there is a good probability of a permanent position being offered at the end of this time. Day to day you ll be processing enquiries from oneoff newbies booking entertainment for their weddings through to industry leading events organisers booking entertainment for high profile corporate events. A background in events is useful but not essential as training will be provided. The ideal candidate will be personable, articulate and highly motivated with excellent communication and sales skills. KEY AREAS OF RESPONSIBILITY:  To process inbound enquiries from clients wishing to hire entertainment for their events and converting them into bookings.  Over achieving your sales targets.  Helping clients locate the ideal entertainment from our roster of artists and offering advice to ensure smooth running of the entertainment at their event.  Liaising with artists to secure quotes, confirm bookings and relay booking information and customer requests.  Issuing contracts, invoices and organizing all correspondence via our administration system.  Offering ongoing customer support to our clients and artists.  Developing strong relationships with key clients and nurturing future business potential.  Promoting and developing excellent relations with our artists. EXPERIENCE / COMPETANCIES REQUIRED:  All candidates must be able to evidence previous experience and success in sales.  Strong knowledge of sales techniques and customer service.  Excellent phone manner communication skills, inc first class written communication.  Ability to communicate confidently and articulately with customers at all levels.  Positive, friendly, patient personality with a nothing is too much trouble attitude.  Logical and practical approach to problem solving.  Excellent organisation time management skills, with proven track record of working quickly and effectively under pressure.  Enthusiasm, motivation, initiative and personal drive.  Excellent grasp of computers, the internet and basic IT  with ability to learn new systems quickly.  Reasonable knowledge of music across a wide range of genres.