Title: Store Manager Furniture/Carpets
Webindex: 71848359
Company: Priority Recruitment
Description: Store Manager? Stretford ****  **** **** OTE Client ?? This national up market Furniture/Carpets Company has been inspiring people to create beautiful furniture and carpets for many years. Our client has made huge strides in providing the general public with fantastic furniture, beds, Carpets and wardrobes all of great quality. The standard of their product is such that they target themselves at the top end of the market, expecting their customers to pay a premium for what they offer, continually generating repeat business and providing customers with the complete customer experience. They are a private business, whose roots still lie firmly in the stable workshop where it all began. With stores open throughout the UK currently they are gradually expanding their operations based on their successful trading since their business began. On the back of recent growth they are looking to recruit a new Store Manager in order to maximize sales and profit by developing a service focused culture which will exceed their customers needs. ?? Your Role ?? As Store Manager you will be responsible for the overall operations of your store, with complete autonomy in recruitment and retention, sales and marketing and driving profitable sales volumes and profit margins. You will be targeted at reviewing performance targets and ensure that action is taken to meet targets by maximizing sales opportunities. ?You will effectively implement and develop clear performance targets and motivate and enthuse your staff to achieve these by leading by example and displaying a hands on management role. ?You will be visible on the shop floor at all times and be able to provide customers with the excellent service that the brand demands whilst developing and training your staff to enhance their own career goals. ?? About You ?? You will currently be an experienced Store Manager preferably from a furniture or Carpet retail background at Management level. ?You will be determined to meet customer expectations and have a healthy attitude to competition whilst showing natural leadership skills, inspiring people by leading from the front. ?You will be willing to assume accountability for your teams and stores performance and recognize areas for development to further enhance your stores sales. ?You will be able to communicate clearly and concisely at all levels and be able to set clear objectives to your team in order to aid their performance. Your selling approach will be one of patience and you will have a key eye for details. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/StoreManagerFurnitureCarpets_job****