Title: Sales Development Manager
Webindex: 68806418
Company: Selection Group Ltd
Description: Sales Development Manager  Circa ****k plus excellent bonus, car allowance, pension etc. This is a home based role based anywhere in England. Working for a fast growing manufacturer of high quality printed packaging predominately into the food and beverage markets. This role is to assume responsibility for an exciting new area of the business focusing on the alcohol, spirits and whisky sectors. The Company This manufacturer of printed packaging is a fairly new player within what is an established market and in just under 15 years it has grown to in excess of 40million per annum. The company boasts state of the art facilities that are a result of constant investment based on both the market and its client s needs. There is another 5million of planned investment over the next 12 months that has led to the creation of this new position within the business. The company predominantly sells into the food beverage sector with a focus on RRP for the wine, spirits and food sectors (poultry, snacks, fresh produce) but is also making inroads into other world class markets. With a highly skilled and loyal workforce, everyone feels a part of the business and the company is what I would define as an extremely modern plant. In order to continue the growth of the business, the company is now looking for a Sales Manager to develop the spirit and whisky markets. The Role Reporting to the Sales Director, your role will initially be to develop sales focusing on the Whisky and Spirit markets. Due to the new investment into a superb new multimillion machine, you will take this new, high quality product offering to both existing accounts within the business and into these new markets. To start with, you will strategically target certain companies, many of which already are aware and have high opinions and a very credible view of this business, with the aim of developing new business and introducing the new product line. All business wins will become key accounts that you will then manage. Due to the fact you will become the pioneer within the business for this product, success and dedication could potentially open up management opportunities. This is an excellent role within an ambitious and extremely successful business. The Applicant The ideal candidate will have a background of developing new business and managing accounts within the food or beverage packaging sectors. Knowledge of the Whisky/Spirits sector would be a huge advantage but not a prerequisite. However, the company is looking for someone who has sold a form of printed packaging (flexible, carton board, labels etc.) into the above sectors. As well being a commercially strong Sales person, a background in production or design would aid what is a technical and design led sell. A combination of both commercial and design/technical would be of great interest. An understanding of print is important. If you are passionate, focused and ambitious then this role could open up excellent opportunities in the future. Please forward your CV to andy.kilfoyleselectiongroup.co.uk or call **** **** (0)**** **** **** Andy has 10 years experience recruiting Sales Professionals within the UK European Packaging sector focusing on salaries up to ****k per annum. Even if this role is not for you please call for a confidential chat and to discuss further opportunities.