Title: Business Development Representative
Webindex: 70597736
Description: As a Business Development Representative you will work to sell my client's full range of Food Service Solutions to organisations with professional kitchens  from caterers, restaurants, hotels and pubs, to fast food chains, cafes, schools and universities. As a Business Development Representative your responsibilities will include:  Achieving sales targets by using a combination of facetoface selling, customer relationship management and ingredient demonstrations  Meeting new and established customers needs and thus growing our business  Partnering with people fromthe Distributive, Marketing and Operator Chain Account Management Teams to identify trade and customer activity that could affect the business  Taking responsibility for implementing any tailored activity.The Business Development Representative will need to possess the following skills: Good communication,interpersonal and negotiationskills.  Good business knowledge. Tact and diplomacy.  Creativity.  A good grasp of numbers and the ability to write documents in a professional style.  Organisational skills.  A hunger to stay up to date with economic matters.  The ability to stay calm under pressure and meet tight deadlines.  The ability to keep objectives and goals firmly in sight.  The ability to remain flexible and seek alternative options to problems.  Problem solving skills.The right candidatemust live onpatch in Central London.My clients is a world renown leader in consumer goods with trusted brands worldwide.****  ****  Bonus  Car  LaptopYour application will be reviewed by Michael Page. Please be aware we receive a high volume of applications for every role advertised & regularly receive applications from candidates who exceed the job credentials. We will only contact you within the next 14 days if you are selected for interview.Where specific UK qualifications are required we will take into account overseas equivalents.Michael Page is a world leading recruitment consultancy.