Title: Sales Manager – premium health club
Webindex: 71849489
Company: Leisurejobs Executive Search
Description: Sales Manager – premium health club Hertfordshire Up to ****k basic  commission  bonus My client is unquestionably the leading premium operator in the Health and Fitness Industry. The size and scale of their club's are in a different league to the competition. We have just started searching for a Sales Manager at one of their top sites in Hertfordshire. The club itself is breath taking with over **** members, so this is a very high profile position. As a result your potential career progression is fantastic. My client loves to promote from within and this is the ideal location to give you the launch pad you need to make the final step to General Manager. In addition, you will receive an industry leading basic and uncapped commission structure. You will be managing a sales team to hit highly demanding targets, so it is integral that you have a proven track record in leading, coaching and mentoring successful teams. As Sales Manager you need to make team KPI's live on a daily basis and you must be prepared to make tough business and personnel decisions. You will need a love of sales and a deep understanding of all areas of the sales process from tour training to complex outreach strategies. The ideal candidate needs to have managed in a highly pressurized, KPI driven environment for at least 2 years. This is not the role for someone who is looking to step up, my client wants somebody who is already at the top of their game. In terms of background, ideally you are already a very sales focused General Manager not necessarily from within the industry, but from a premium environment. My client would also look at a truly outstanding Sales Manager/Regional Sales Manager but only if you have the necessary high end and high volume experience. Due to the high volume of applications only those candidates meeting the above criteria will be shortlisted This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SalesManagerpremiumhealthclub_job****