Title: Graduate Scheme  Executive Recruitment
Webindex: 68678164
Company: Mackenzie Stuart
Description: Mackenzie Stuart Graduate Scheme  Executive Recruitment Location: Leeds Salary and benefits: ****k  Uncapped Commission THE COMPANY:  We are now inviting applications for our 2013 Graduate Scheme.  Mackenzie Stuart is a national and international executive recruitment consultancy that embodies an ethos and environment that attracts the very best recruitment consultants in the industry.  Privately owned and funded by individuals who understand implicitly the essential factors that attract and retain the talented and ambitious, we provide an environment that rewards contribution on a variety of levels.  Operating from West Yorkshire, we work worldwide with a variety of major clients, recruiting at senior management and board level.  The business is now growing once again and we are keen to attract the best talent to join the business as Trainee Consultants.  To view profiles of our present consultants and find out why they joined the business please visit http://www.mackenziestuart.com/work.html THE ROLE:  Based in the heart of Leeds City Centre we are looking to attract talented graduates to join all Divisions.  Our Graduate Scheme involves a period of intensive training, followed by continual on the job training over your first 12 years in the job.  Demanding and yet incredibly rewarding, the role allows you to earn uncapped commission, thus enabling leading consultants to realistically earn **** plus in year one, and over **** in year two.  We now make 80% of our placements outside of the UK, meaning you will work with some the world's biggest global businesses internationally.  Progression within the business is also quick, and leading performers could realistically rise to management level within twelve months.  Experienced consultants enjoy extra benefits such as quarterly bonuses and car allowances.  Following training, consultants will be tasked with placing senior executives within a chosen vertical market.  This is a fast paced sales role; no two days are the same, and it is the type of challenge that will test the very best recruits.  Working nationally, you will build relationships with key decision makers across the UK and abroad.  The role will require extensive travel. THE REQUIREMENTS:  We require new or recent graduates, or individuals with 12 years business to business sales experience, who must be team players and highly competitive.  You must be driven, tenacious and ambitious, eager to get on the fast track to a rewarding and successful career.  In particular we would like to receive applications from individuals who have done something outstanding or different during their life to date, be it sporting, academic or business related.  We are a business that rewards success, and if you see yourself thriving in a fun yet challenging environment and feel you have the skills to develop a career in the recruitment industry, please get in touch. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/GraduateSchemeExecutiveRecruitment_job****