Title: UK Global Securities Lending Manager
Webindex: 72227008
Company: Wedbush Europe Ltd
Description: Job title: UK Global Securities Lending Manager Salary: **** to **** commensurate with experience Location: Central London Job term: Permanent Job hours: Full time Closing Date for Applications: March **** 2013 An excellent opportunity for a highlyskilled individual with significant experience in the field of securities lending and finance to work as a Securities Lending Manager at a UK financial institution. The team in which the postholder will work is principally engaged in all aspects of securities lending and finance. THE ROLE: The postholder will be expected to handle a varied workload and to be comfortable with working both individually and in a team environment. The postholder will be required to manage firm borrows loans and establish conduit securities lending books in the US, the UK and other global markets. Extensive interaction with Securities Lending borrowers and lenders at banks and broker dealers will be required. The role will also require the postholder to work extensively in the area of Securities Lending as it pertains to US as well as global securities. Business development sales included in role. THE COMPANY: Wedbush Europe Ltd is located in London, UK while its parent, WEDBUSH Inc. is headquartered in Los Angeles, California, US. Wedbush Securities is the largest holding of parent company WEDBUSH, Inc. The combined strength and resources of WEDBUSH, Inc.'s subsidiaries provides a full line of banking and investment services for any individual, institution or issuing client. With over 90 offices and more than **** correspondent offices, Wedbush Securities is one of the largest securities firms and investment banks in the United States. Wedbush provides innovative financial solutions through its Private Client Services, Capital Markets, and Clearing Execution divisions. THE CANDIDATE: The successful candidate must be able to demonstrate first rate technical skills and have exhibited the ability to take and pass required exchange tests and to acquire relevant securities industry licensing. BA degree in economics or finance required. Minimum 5**** years of significant experience in the area of Securities Lending is essential, in particular in relation to the US market. Experience in agency lending, locating and sourcing securities, and establishing rates borrow fees is also required. Additionally, the successful candidate will be Series 7 **** Certified, as significant attention and responsibilities will include US business activities, including but not limited to providing US market coverage during UK hours. The ideal candidate will be resultsdriven, dedicated and exceptionally analytical with superior communication skills. Candidates should also exhibit strong organizational skills and a robust work ethic. Candidates must be willing to travel internationally and to relocate, if required. CONTACT DETAILS: If you would like further information or would be interested to apply for this vacancy, please contact Wedbush Securities at careerswedbush.com