Title: Machine Sales Rep  Construction Equipment (Uncapped OTE)
Webindex: 71848552
Company: Web Recruit Ltd
Description: Machine Sales Rep  Construction Equipment ( Uncapped OTE) Slough, Berkshire (office / field based, covering International Territories) ****  **** (Uncapped OTE) Plus Fully Expensed International Travel, Pension Based in Slough, our client is one of the largest Caterpillar dealers in the world. Acting as their official dealer for East and West Africa, the Middle East and Western Siberia, they offer their customers a complete range of power generation, construction, mining and materials handling equipment. Growing at a rate 20% yearonyear, in emerging markets, our client has plans to double in size over the next five years. An opportunity now has arisen for a Machine Sales Rep to join their team. This is the ideal role for a high calibre sales professional with a proven track record in heavy construction environment looking to develop their career with a multinational company. This is the perfect opportunity to sell premium products for a recognised Caterpillar dealer whilst benefitting from extensive international travel. As a Machine Sales Rep, you will be responsible for to selling Caterpillar construction equipment across international markets. You will study the market, analyse possibilities and collect information regarding the demand for the product. In this key role, you will determine potential and prospective customers. You will also prepare contracts from inception to execution. This will include defining type of contract, discussing terms and conditions of the supply, producing documentation, solving discrepancies and analysing documentation of the customer. Your other duties will include:  Organising an accurate and uptodate computerised customer database  Keeping in regular contact with the customers, reviewing the contract terms and preparing documentation for renewal  Analysing volume of sales and reporting to the Head of the Department  Preparing and participating in fairs, tenders, and exhibitions To be considered, you must have at least three years' experience of selling heavy construction equipment. As a Machine Sales Rep, you must possess excellent communication, presentation and negotiation skills. Equally important is your ability to work under pressure and problem solving attributes. Whilst not essential, knowledge of Caterpillar products would beneficial to your application, as would an engineering background. An engineering degree or qualification would also be advantageous. To apply for the role of Machine Sales Rep (Construction Equipment), please apply via the button shown. This vacancy is being advertised by Web Recruit Ltd. The services advertised by Web Recruit Ltd are those of an Employment Agency. Additional Keywords: Machine Sales Rep, Construction Equipment, Regional Field Sales Executive, Regional Business Development Executive, Business Development Executive, Business Development Manager, BDM, Sales Executive, Field Sales Representative, Area Sales Executive, Construction Sales Executive. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/MachineSalesRepConstructionEquipmentUncappedOTE_job****