Title: Registered Mental Nurse  RMN  Cramlington
Webindex: 67749541
Company: Four Seasons Health Care
Description: Site or Unit :Beacon Farm Care HomeAddress :Beacon LaneCramlingtonNorthumberlandNE**** ****AZ Contracted Weekly Hours : ****Beacon Farm Care Home is a 43 bed care home offering EMI nursing care including, short term, intermediate, respite, palliative and EMI residential care. Beacon Farm Lodge Care Home is an integral part of Cramlington. Situated within a short distance of a wide range of local amenities including shops, banks and restaurants. Churches of several denominations are also nearby.As a Registered Mental Nurse (RMN) what do you need to do to make this happen? Ensure the delivery of quality care  continually assessing our residents' needs and wishes, developing the service to enhance their quality of life. Encourage independence and personal choice – develop, review and update care plans to meet our clients changing physical, social and psychological needs. Positively influence the reputation of the home  communicating professionally and warmly with visitors including family, friends and other external stakeholders. Comply with all legal, regulatory and best practice guidelines – risk to all is minimised and vulnerable clients are appropriately protected. Undertake all aspects of medicine management – ensuring medicines are appropriately received, stored and administered to our clients. Promote high standards of nursing care for you and your team, actively seeking ways to improve levels of service. Take a leadership role for shifts – ensuring all staff are supervised appropriately and the shift runs in a smooth efficient manner. Take an active role in the development of yourself and others – ensure that the team's skill and knowledge levels are able to meet the changing needs of the business. Ensure medicines are appropriately received, stored and administered to our clients. Promote high standards of nursing care for you and your team, by ensuring all staff are supervised appropriately and the shift runs in a smooth efficient manner. Ensure that the team's skill and knowledge levels are able to meet the changing needs of the business.