Title: Livein Care Assistant Job London
Webindex: 55400426
Description: Active Assistance require Live in Care Assistants URGENTLY in London and for ongoing live in care work across England and Wales. Excellent rates of pay and support. Do you have; A full driving licence The right to work in the UK Are you a Live in Carer who is; Passionate about people? Aged **** or over The benefits of working with us: Flexible working patterns Paid holiday Regular breaks to travel, relax and get back to your own life Lots of different clients in many different parts of England and Wales so you get a chance to see different places We pay for all of your travel A strong support network of nurses as well as former PAs who can give you help and advice any time you need it The cost of your training and accommodation covered In house level 2 and **** Diploma training with easy access to our own assessors and of course a pay rise after completing your Diploma We provide live in care job seekers to our spinalcord injured clients who are based all over England and Wales. You would be assigned to assist a client with their everyday needs, including all personal care and domestic duties for one to three weeks at a time. Your role is to allow our clients to live independently in their own homes. This is an opportunity to build a rewarding career within Health and Social Care. As a live in care worker we will provide you with full training to work with our clients and you will earn holiday pay from the start, get flexible working patterns and the opportunity to study towards a diploma level 2 and **** in Health and Social Care. While you are on an assignment you are provided with food and accommodation. INTERESTED in working to your own pattern? Does this sound ideal for you and your lifestyle? If so please apply for more information on the role and our requirements and fill in an online application form . Testimonial from a PA “I joined Active because I wanted to find a job that would allow me to enhance my CV, live away from home, save money for travelling in the future, give me excellent training opportunities and provide me with a completely new experience in a field which I had never worked in. Working for Active not only gave me all these things, it was also great fun, eye opening and inspiring”. KEYWORDS: Active Assistance, Live in care job, live in care worker job, live in carer, livein care, livein carer. Live in Care Job London Active Assistance is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of vulnerable adults and children. All applicants must be willing to undergo the appropriate screening, including checks with past employers and an Enhanced Disclosure via the Criminal Records Bureau. This position is exempt from the Employment Equality (Age) Regulations **** as per section ****(2).