Title: Care Worker / Care Assistant
Webindex: 46629059
Description: Westminster homecare has recently acquired Care in the Home LTD. We are looking for care assistants/care workers to provide care and support to service users in thier own homes in Cheltenham, Stroud, Gloucester, Bourton on the Water and Churchdown. Purpose of the Position To meet the personal care needs of service users in a way that respects the dignity of the individual and promotes independence. Principal Responsibilities To follow the directions of the Branch Manager and/or coordinator in the care to be provided to each individual service user. To assist service users, who need help with dressing, undressing washing, bathing and the toilet. To help service users with mobility problems and other physical disabilities, including incontinence; help in use and care of aids and personal equipment. To care for residents who are temporarily sick and needing, for example, minor dressings, bed nursing, help with feeding, etc. To help care for service users who are dying. To help in the promotion of mental and physical activity of service users through talking to them, taking them out, sharing with them in activities such as reading, writing, hobbies and recreations as indicated on the care plan. To make and change beds; do light cleaning. To launder service user’s clothing. To perform such other duties as may be reasonable required. To comply with the Organisation’s guidelines and policies at all times. To report to the Coordinator and/or Branch Manager any significant changes in the health or circumstances of a service user. To encourage service users to remain as independent as possible. Person Specification – Essential Criteria Self motivated and organised. Flexible. Caring and sensitive to needs of others and to the sick and infirm. An active team player but also able to work on own initiative. A good communicator. Staff Benefits. Paid Training. Free uniform. Excellent promotion prospects Good rates of pay. Mileage allowance. All staff are required to respect confidentiality of all matters that they might learn in the course of their employment. All staff are expected to respect the requirements under the Data Protection Act **** . All staff must ensure that they are aware of their responsibilities under the Health and Safety at Work Act **** . The post is exempt from the Rehabilitation of Offenders Act **** All applicants will be required to undergo a check with the Criminal Records Bureau prior to employment.