Title: Registered Nurse (RMN)(N) Barchester Healthcare
Webindex: 68709313
Company: Barchester Healthcare
Description: What is expected of you as a Registered Nurse (RMN)? You are responsible to provide and supervise the delivery of high quality nursing care to residents in accordance with up to date, evidencebased professional practice and company policies. You will be responsible for leading a multidisciplinary team, supervising, training and developing care staff in providing the best quality of care to the people we support. The desire to learn and the ability to inspire your team is therefore essential. Our full time shift patterns range **** to 48 hours per week. You will be a Qualified Registered Nurse (RMN) and be registered with the NMC. Why join Barchester as a Registered Nurse (RMN)? As market leaders we place our residents first  and our people are the best. You will benefit from a wealth of experience and as a company that places a great emphasis on investing in their people; you will have the opportunity for both personal and professional development. Barchester has its own Learning and Development Academy, giving you the freedom to develop professionally and create your own career pathway  it's just a case of high do you want to climb? How we're different Barchester offers a range of diverse services, from nursing and care services for older people and people living with dementia, to accommodation, supported living and community support for children and adults with a range of different disabilities. With exposure to so many different areas of nursing, you will have the opportunity to build on your clinical skills or focus on a specialist area. Many companies offer management programmes for those already in management positions, with most nurses expected to oversee staff or resources with no management training. Barchester, however, offers management development to staff throughout their careers. These programmes ensure that all staff, particularly nurses, are constantly supported to develop their skills. Benefits include:  Competitive rates of pay  Access to a structured career development path and award winning training via the Barchester Business School which offer a range of training from NVQs to Masters Degrees  Free uniform  Generous Annual Leave Allowance  Employer contribution to a Stakeholder pension plan  Access to Barchester's Shopping Club for hundreds of savings from retail outlets also access to 'Busy Bees' Child Care Vouchers Scheme  Subsidised health and personal accident insurance  Long Service Awards  Great working environment  Employee help line to support staff in times of need Am I the right person to work for Barchester? A sound understanding of the Care Standards together with a Nursing qualification (RMN) and current NMC registration are essential for this role. You will maintain detailed and up to date knowledge of the mental health act. Nurses straight from training can join us to develop their clinical skills, or perhaps you're retired or a working parent or perhaps looking for a second income. We offer flexible shifts including part time and bank hours to suit your individual lifestyle.  NMC  Nursing Midwifery Council  www(dot)nmcuk(dot)org This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/RegisteredNurseRMNNBarchesterHealthcare_job****