Title: Care assistants Gerrards Cross
Webindex: 46629905
Description: Car driver is essential due to location JOB PURPOSE: To assist in the provision of care and work as part of a team to achieve required standards. To ensure Residents retain their dignity and individuality. To be involved in the general activities of the Centre/Unit. SKILLS, KNOWLEDGE & QUALIFICATIONS Required:  NVQ level 12 in Care  Must demonstrate at least 12 months experience working with the relevant Client group  Genuine interest in working within a caring environment  Ability to work with differences  Ability to accept and act on instructions  Ability to communicate effectively at all levels  Team player  Good interpersonal skills  Willingness to participate in Vocational Training Programmes  Satisfactory Police Check and check against the POVA List (where applicable) Desired:  Relevant Vocational Qualification (achieved/working towards) MAIN RESPONSIBILITIES Care: Ensure the highest possible levels of care are maintained by supporting/assisting residents, when required, with washing, toileting, dressing, undressing, and all other aspects of daily living. Assist residents in all aspects of their care needs (e.g. physical, emotional and spiritual). Provide attention when needed, whilst ensuring Residents retain their comfort and dignity. Pay particular attention to assisting Residents who have limited mobility, or physical/learning difficulties, making the best use of aids provided. Closely monitor Residents who may be confused and/or who have behavioural problems. Assist in the promotion of continence. Assist in the delivery of care for Residents who are dying or who have a progressive illness. Assist with last offices. Observe care planning needs for Residents and complete written daily records as instructed and in line with the Company’s policies and procedures. Review and maintain care plans as per Key Worker role. Assist in framework of social activities by interacting with Residents and helping them continue with hobbies and activities in the Centre. Under the supervision and guidance of senior Care Staff, report on the wellbeing of Residents. Carry out regular checks on Residents at intervals determined by senior Staff Members. Make Visitors feel welcome. Provide refreshments/assistance as and when required. Make and change beds, ensuring that rooms are clean and tidy, and commodes are empty, in line with the Centre’s disposal of waste policy. Ensure the Centre’s resources are used appropriately Clean and maintain equipment used by Residents/Relatives e.g. wheelchairs, hearing aids,spectacles etc. Ensure the Centre is kept clean and tidy, in line with the Company’s attention to detail philosophy. If applicable, care for Residents’ clothing and rooms as named, and ensure that all clothing is recorded and clearly marked. Ensure full privacy and dignity is maintained for the dying and the bereaved, in line with the Company’s policies and procedures. Assist Residents who need help during meal times (be aware of swallowing difficulties, dietary requirements etc). Assist with serving of food/drinks as requested/ required. Wash up as requested/required. Escort Residents travelling to and from the Centre e.g. on social outings, hospital visits etc. Practice maximum integrity in all dealings with Residents' personal and financial affairs, and avoid abuse of the privileged relationship that exists with Residents