Title: FOSTER CARER
Webindex: 72287638
Company: eRecruit Solutions Ltd
Description: A Foster Carer is sought to join this organisation in Kent to provide a safe and secure family home for children and young people in the care system. Fostering is a highly demanding but extremely rewarding path to take. As a Foster Carer you will act as a “parent” to the child in your care. You will provide a nurturing and welcoming family environment through which a fostered child or young person can flourish and reach their full potential. This organisation is a wellestablished, independent fostering agency which has been working with local authorities for over 21 years. They are now looking for Foster Carers who are prepared to take other people’s children into their home, being responsible for them twentyfour/seven. Title: Foster Carer Location: Kent and surrounding areas Salary: **** per week (more for complex / special needs placements) Benefits: Extensive benefits package, including 2 weeks paid respite, plus additional payments for birthdays, Christmas, pocket money and clothing Foster Carers must possess the following: •At least one spare room •A real passion for fostering a child •No major convictions (driving offences are acceptable) •The time and dedication to provide for a child 24/**** •At least one application should be available full time if applying as a couple As a Foster Carer, you will benefit from the following: •A generous and industry competitive fostering allowance for each child in your care •A dedicated Social Worker to provide you with onetoone support when you need it •Ongoing training to widen your professional Foster Care portfolio •Local carer and child activities •Support from a professional and dedicated team 24 hours a day, 7 days a week The successful Foster Carer can look forward to an extremely rewarding career with full support from the organisation along the way. Please click to apply for the opportunity to become a Foster Carer in Kent If the details shown on your CV match our client's requirements, we will provide our client with your full details so that they can judge whether you may be suitable for the opportunity advertised. Your details, as submitted by you, will only be used in relation to this specific opportunity. By applying to this advert and submitting your CV and/or cover letter to us, you give express consent to us using your details for this purpose. eRecruit Solutions is a flat fee online recruitment company, who actively recruit for the following roles: Child Care, Social Work, Foster Carer, Child Support, Social Care, Residential Carer, Youth Worker, Foster Parent in Kent and surrounding areas Ref: FBK****A