Title: PERM Unit Mgr RGN Kid minster Flexi ****K due
Webindex: 71692209
Description: Job Title: Unit Manager Reporting to: Registered Manager Job Purpose: To manage in a professional manner the day to day running of the home’s administration, clinical policies and procedures, training and care planning. To implement working practices that monitors the health and welfare of the home’s service users and staff and their respective environments. To promote quality care within a warm friendly ambience. Key Result Areas Managing To work with the Directors to achieve the home’s financial targets. To manage the home in a manner which will not bring the home or service users into disrepute. To maintain confidentiality on all aspects of care and staff management. To ensure all the home’s policies and procedures are implemented and followed by all staff. To inform the Registered Manager immediately if a serious difficulty or event occurs. Managing Support To delegate responsibility effectively and within legal boundaries. To ensure through clinical standards and audits that good practice is maintained throughout the home. Nursing Duties To perform nursing duties that reflect current best practice and keep abreast of latest developments To inform the Registered Manager of any nursing and medical matters affecting the service user’s care. To assist service users with personal care which includes; using the bath / bed bath or shower, feet and nail care, hair care, shaving, mouth care, denture care, toileting needs, all daily activities as per individual care plans including tidying bed and room. To assist clients with their psychological needs, which includes; talking, listening, excursions, liaising with family, assisting with hobbies and recreation activities. To care for the service user as an individual and maintain a high level of care for their particular condition ensuring physical needs, comfort and dignity are met. To care for service user’s at their end of life in a respectful and dignified manner. To administer medication strictly in accordance with the Drug Administration policy and NMC guidelines. To assist the Registered Manager in ensuring adequate supplies of medication and correct storage as per the medication policy. To assist with serving meals and other domestic duties such as laundry, occasional cleaning etc. To deal with any internal or external communications from service users or third parties. To ensure all documentation is kept up to date and recorded accurately. To maintain records / care plans as required by the Care Quality Commission. Business Management To work both with the Directors and independently to generate enquiries and proactively deal with members of the public, and care / medical professionals, to ensure a high level of occupancy rates. To manage and have a working knowledge of the Home’s Policies and Procedures and ensure they are maintained at all times. To promote and act strictly in accordance with the Home’s Health and Safety Policy and ensure good Health and Safety practice within the working environment to comply with COSHH / RIDDOR / Environmental Health / Fire regulations and the Care Standards Act. To bring to the Directors immediate attention any item of Health and Safety importance that would be of concern and potentially needing prompt action. To have an in depth operational knowledge of all emergency procedures and ensure they are cascaded down through all the staff and service users. To attend staff meetings as arranged and to ensure other staff informed of items discussed and decisions made. To attend at least 21 hours per annum of compulsory training outlined by your personal development plan. To participate in regular reviews and an annual appraisal in order to develop your training needs in relation to skills and knowledge. To promote the good name of the Home at all times. To cover colleagues duties in times of sickness and holidays. To develop and share ideas for the improvement of practice within the home. To implement change sensitively but effectively. To replenish stocks and exercise cost / stock control. To operate within the guidelines of the Data Protection Act and ensure total confidentiality, especially with regards to staff and service users. Managing People To assist and supervise staff training. To be responsible for covering staff absences and managing disputes where appropriate. To ensure all staff contribute to the best of their ability to the efficient running of the home and that high standards are maintained. To ensure staff have the qualifications and training necessary for the duties they perform. To ensure all staff have two monthly reviews and an annual appraisal as per company policy. FURTHER DUTIES: In addition to the responsibilities listed above it may be necessary to perform other duties as required by the Home’s management or senior staff. Consideration will be given to your skills and status when given these duties. NOTE: It is expected that all duties carried out will be performed in a spirit of cooperation required from a dedicated efficient team whose prime aim is to make the service user’s stay as comfortable and enjoyable as possible.