Title: Theatre Practitioner – Scrub  Salisbury
Webindex: 68302335
Company: Professional Social Care Solutions Ltd
Description: Theatre Practitioner – Scrub We currently have an excellent employment opportunity for a Nurse or O.D.P. to work in one of Wiltshire’s leading private hospitals in Salisbury. Part of a large healthcare group that are well respected within the industry and considered to be innovative and forward thinking, this is an excellent opportunity for an individual that is keen to develop and progress their career in the private healthcare environment. The successful applicant will be a registered Nurse or O.D.P. and will have experience of working in theatre as a Scrub Nurse. ROLE To provide a high standard of individual patient care. To work within both the nursing and multi disciplinary team to provide evidence based, holistic care to a group of patients from admission to discharge in department. To take responsibility for managing and coordinating an assigned area of the department in the absence of more senior staff. To participate in the teaching and supervision of junior staff and student learners as required. To be a safe and effective practitioner able to provide patients and relatives with high quality perioperative care.RESPONSIBILITIES Key areas Assessing, planning, delivering and evaluation of patient care Delegation and supervision of junior grades, unqualified and less experienced staff Working with members of the Multi Disciplinary Team following local protocols and standards Awareness of the effective management of resources within the department Participate in clinical trials and research when required Clinical Plan and prepare equipment according to patients needs and procedures Implement and evaluate care plans as appropriate to surgical requirement and patients condition Monitoring and assessing patients condition, responding to changes in condition, proposing / making changes to care plan as required Directing and participating in the manoeuvring and the positioning of conscious and unconscious patients Handover and transferring responsibility of care to colleagues, ensuring appropriate information and care is relayed Supporting and reassessing patients and relatives/carers during perioperative procedures Working within guidelines of NMC and HPC Codes of Practice depending upon registration To be aware of the management of drugs and to adhere to local policies and administer drugs as prescribed Maintaining accurate patient and theatre records All successful applicants for hospital posts will be required to apply for and produce a CRB Certificate of Disclosure at Enhanced Level.