Title: Assitant Clinical Manager  Cambridge
Webindex: 69196531
Company: The Placement Group
Description: Assistant Clinical Manager  Cambridge Band 6 Occupational therapist Fulltime Salary  ****k****k DOE Start ASAP The firm is UK's largest independent provider of acute homecare to the NHS. They are undergoing an extended period of growth and are looking for talented mangers to help drive forward their growth in both the NHS and private sectors. The company are currently recruiting for an assistant clinical manager who will provide professional leadership ensuring close collaboration with all health care professionals. Job summary  The Assistant Clinical Manager will manage one of **** patient cohorts expected to equate to a 'virtual' ward of at least 30 beds. The Medical service, fundamentally therapies driven is standing at 20 beds currently. The Surgical service, predominately nursing and Physiotherapy driven will stand at 10 beds. The assistant will support the Clinical Manager in ensuring the delivery of a high quality, effective service on a daytoday basis which will include participating in the development of new ways of working and new care pathways in conjunction with our NHS stakeholders. Your principle accountabilities  Quality of Service Leadership and People Management Relationship Development ProblemSolving Planning and Scheduling Service Development Financial Management To qualify for this post you must meet the following criteria  Qualified Nurse (RGN 1st level) or Diploma in Physiotherapy/BSc (Hons) Physiotherapy / Occupational Therapy Current registration with the NMC or HCPC ENB 998/C&G **** or equivalent (for nursing qualified Clinical Manager) Relevant postregistration education and uptodate relevant experience. Proven post registration experience Previous experience in community care or an acute care environment, managing your own workload and that of a team Awareness of finance/budget control You must have a current UK driving licence. In return you will be offered competitive salary, healthcare benefits, support for CPD also standard annual leave and sick pay is offered. If you would like to apply for this vacancy, please submit your cv to for more info call . Closing date for applications is Friday 28th Jan 5pm Visa Required: Applicants must be eligible to work in the specified location