Title: Territory Sales Manager: South West / Interventional Radiology
Webindex: 71109791
Description: I am currently recruiting for a Territory Sales Manager within the Interventional Radiology industry to be an instrumental part of the UK sales team. This person will be responsible for implementing strategies with the aim of increasing market share and revenue across his/her territory. My client is an expanding global healthcare company that is proud to offer high quality medical devices within the highly competitive Interventional Radiology market. The company is continuously launching new and exciting products and is keen to develop its UK sales team, as it continues to grow and flourish. As a Territory Sales Manager you will be expected to: Maintain and develop the existing customer base and generate new key accounts. Provide practical and theoretical support to existing and potential customers. Participate in clinical discussions with physicians and key stakeholders in the buying process of the Radiology products. Develop and maintain strong working relationships with key decision makers and Key Opinion Leaders. Launch new products as well as maximise growth on the existing product portfolio. Understand the dynamics of the local market including the NHS, Competitors and the Economic Environment. Increase market share and revenue by identifying new business opportunities within the defined territory. Provide local forecasts and business reports. Core Competencies required: Proven track record in Medical sales, ideally within vascular products. Account Management Experience. An Energetic and Enthusiastic Overachiever. A Team Player. This role requires flexibility and commitment to travel to various locations throughout the UK. Suitable locations for this role include but are not limited to: Swindon, Bristol, Bath, Cardiff, Swansea, Bournemouth, Exeter, Plymouth, Salisbury, M4 Corridor If you would like to apply for this role, please send in your CV as soon as possible. If this particular position or location isn t suitable for you but you are interested in other Clinical, Sales or Marketing roles within Interventional Radiology, Cardiology, Cardiac Surgery, Structural Heart or Vascular markets, please contact aneesha.buckbwpenman.com for a confidential discussion.  Territory Sales Manager  also known as Sales Specialist, Sales Representative or Account Manager.