Title: Senior Sister  Convalescence and Rehabilitation  Tunbridge Wells
Webindex: 71609787
Company: JP Recruitment
Description: Excellent opportunity for a Senior Sister to join a private independent hospital based in a stunning location in Kent.My Client has a 40 bedded hospital which offers the highest level of clinical and compassionate care to ensure patient achieve the best possible outcomes, whether it is for counselling, post operative care, rehabilitation, palliative and respite care or end of life care. There is also an Outpatient Department for physiotherapy, counselling, hydrotherapy and medical consultations. A guest house is situated on the hospital grounds for rest and personal retreat.The hospital offers the following services: Intensive rehabilitation, respite care and postoperative care. Short and longer term palliative care with expert symptom control. Confidence and expertise in the treatment of CFS/ME. Shortterm intensive counselling. Expert spiritual and emotional care. Fasttrack admissions when possible.Role PurposeIn conjunction with the Director of Nursing to ensure the highest possible quality of physical, psychological, spiritual and social nursing care for patients and support for their relatives.Key Duties & Responsibilities To ensure that a high standard of patient care is provided by an experienced and effective team in accordance with internal and external guide lines. To maintain regular patient contact by working in a clinical role for ****/**** of working hours, including taking nurseincharge responsibilities. To liaise with all patients regularly during their stay to ensure that the agreed plan of care is being delivered appropriately. To be available to ‘troubleshoot’ patients’ problems and seek early resolution if possible. Where early resolution is not possible, to consult with Director of Nursing. To participate in the investigation of formal complaints, when asked to do so by the Director of Nursing.Nursing Team To deputise for the Director of Nursing in her absence. To support the nurses, ensuring that staff are enabled and equipped to perform their roles efficiently, competently and professionally, referring them to Director of Nursing/HR as appropriate. To ensure excellent induction and orientation of new staff. To conduct annual reviews for senior nursing staff, and oversee the senior staff appraising members of their teams. To facilitate regular meetings of the nursing team to maintain morale and provide a forum for the sharing of views and ideas. To work with the Director of Nursing and the HR department to recruit and retain nursing staff and ensure appropriate mentorship and induction of new staff. To ensure appropriate staffing levels at all times.Education and Training To contribute to a programme of inservice training and to motivate learning and teaching amongst all members of the nursing team. To be responsible for overseeing induction and orientation of new staff, and carrying out probationary reviews. To maintain an awareness of existing and ongoing best practice, evidencebased practice and developments in healthcare, implementing change where appropriate To facilitate professional development, enabling each member of the nursing team to develop skills and gifts appropriate to their abilities within the team, in order to ensure high quality nursing care.Other responsibilities To attend and contribute to admissions meetings, care team management meetings and other care team meetings as appropriate. To manage and develop the volunteers attached to the nursing team, providing support, and to conduct their probationary and annual reviews. To be on call for the nursing team within an agreed rota, in conjunction with the Director of Nursing and Sister. To follow all agreed policies and procedures and statutory regulations relating to the custody and administration of drugs. To ensure that internal and external policies and procedures, protocols and statutory regulations are adhered to. To lead the Infection Control work of the clinical team, ensuring appropriate training for all staff and that policies and procedures are updated in line with national guidelines. To maintain a flexible approach to working demands and be willing to take on additional tasks that may from time to time arise.The working hours are 37.**** hours per week and it is expected that the postholder will work one weekend in three (on a rotational basis) and one late shift per week. You will be required to have the following essential skills and qualifications: Registration with Nursing and Midwifery Council (NMC) 5 year’s postregistration experience within a surgical or Medical environment in the UK Excellent communication, interpersonal and leadership skills Professional attitude and caring disposition ENB 998/or equivalent qualification This is an excellent opportunity for Senior RGN's with broadbased nursing experience to utilise their acquired knowledge within a hospital environment. RGN’s with Nursing Home experience will also be considered for this role.A highly competitive salary circa **** along with excellent benefits package (including private healthcare, contributory pension, life assurance, free parking, subsidised meals and firstclass training opportunities), awaits successful applicants.For more information please contact Holly Brace at JP Recruit on **** **** or **** **** **** Alternatively please email hollyjprec.co.uk