Title: Commercial Research Administrator
Webindex: 68718720
Company: NHS Tayside
Description: Tayside Medical Science Centre Commercial Research Team Ninewells Hospital, Dundee Commercial Research Administrator  Band 6 Fixed Term/(Secondment for internal applicants) – for 12 months Salary Scale : ****  **** per annum pro rata A vacancy has arisen for an individual to join the Commercial Team within TASC. This role will provide further capacity for a growing team workload. You will be required to help meet key business plan objectives which will support the delivery of, Scottish Government Health Directorate, Chief Scientist Office (CSO) metrics all in relation to Industry Sponsored research. You will be an effective team member, interacting with key stakeholders and customers from the pharmaceutical and CRO industry. You will have well developed communication skills, along with excellent numeracy and MS Office skills. You will have the ability to prioritise numerous projects and achieve tight deadlines under pressure, with knowledge and experience of clinical research, in either an Industrial or University/NHS environment. The successful candidate will have qualifications or equivalent experience to degree and/or postgraduate level. Knowledge of financial procedures, project/programme management skills are required. Experience of contract reviewing or possible specialist legal knowledge would be desirable. You will be required to achieve the mandatory Induction standards for Healthcare Support Workers in Scotland and to comply with the Code of Conduct throughout your employment. Informal enquiries to Cameron Glen, Commercial Research Manager, Level 3, Residency Block, Ninewells Hospital & Medical School,  Email: c.glendundee.ac.uk Written approval must be sought from your line manager prior to applying for this secondment. You will be required to bring this if shortlisted for interview. Hours of work are: 22.5 hours per week with flexible working hours (the successful candidate will employed by NHS Tayside) Please download the full application pack from www.jobs.scot.nhs.uk Internal applicants: please download the application pack from Staffnet. Please read the Important Job Application Information in the Information for Applicants section. Completed applications should be returned to recruitment.taysidenhs.net (quoting the job reference number in the subject box) or to Workforce Services, NHS Tayside, Management Offices, Perth Royal Infirmary, Perth, PH1 1NX Shortlisted applicants will be contacted by email. Please check your emails regularly. Please quote reference number – P/EB/**** Closing date for receipt of completed application forms – Friday, 1 February 2013 Employer details: Not Specified