Title: Family Intervention Support Worker
Webindex: 48844742
Description: A Specialist Support Worker is required on an initial 3 month contract to join a Local Authorities Intensive Family Support Service in South Wales. This is a new team which has recently been set up. You will be required to deliver quality services, including practical support, that enables parents with children identified to be in need to build on their capacity to enhance and promote their child's health and development, in line with the goals set by the family during the intensive phase of the intervention. Main duties will include: To be part of a team providing practical and emotional support to enable families to sustain the goals set during phase one of the IFSS intervention including: enhancing parental wellbeing, by developing their confidence and selfesteem and supporting them to access community services/groups, appointments etc. Providing maintenance, support/booster sessions to families following a more intensive, taskcentred intervention in order to sustain progress achieved through other timelimited family support interventions. Specialist work with children and young people to enhance resilience within families experiencing issues with substance misuse To support parents/children/family members to attend appointments To deliver services in family homes in a sensitive and professional manner To maintain appropriate records and reports, and to make effective use of the ICT systems for recording information, in line with the relevant policies and procedures. To attend meetings and present evidence and information in a formal setting, e.g. Child In Need Reviews, Case Conferences, Court Proceedings. To liaise with other agencies and organisations as identified in the Child's Care Plan.**** To participate in team meetings, supervision and training to maximise development opportunities that promotes self or team development. Experience of working with children & families is essential for this role. Full driving licence and access to a car is required. Contact Sarah Leigh at Eden Brown today on **** **** or email your CV to s.leighedenbrown.com Eden Brown is committed to equality in the workplace and is an equal opportunity employer. Eden Brown Ltd is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy.