Title: Clinical Trial Coordinator
Webindex: 70148800
Company: London Metro 
Description: Clinical Trial Coordinator Ref:**** The Institute of Cancer Research (ICR) is one of the world s most influential cancer research institutes. Our mission is to make the discoveries that defeat cancer. We have a long and distinguished history of research with a major impact on the outcome for cancer patients. Our unique partnership with The Royal Marsden NHS Foundation Trust (RMH) makes us the largest comprehensive cancer centre in Europe, performing high quality original basic research and translational studies. Under the leadership of Chief Executive Professor Alan Ashworth FRS, we are committed to attracting, developing and retaining the best minds in the world. The ICR was ranked as the UK s top academic research centre in the **** Higher Education Funding Council Research Assessment Exercise. Based on our publication record, citations and impact we rank among the world s leading cancer research centres. We are looking for an enthusiastic and committed Clinical Trial Coordinator to work within the Drug Development Unit (DDU) which undertakes industrysponsored early phase clinical trials of new anticancer drugs. We are a world class clinical trials unit with a dedicated ward within the Royal Marsden Hospital for the development of novel cancer therapeutics which we believe will improve the care of cancer patients. The post holder will be educated to at least degree level in life sciences/nursing, with previous experience of working in clinical trials and a good understanding of the conduct of Phase I oncology clinical trials. They must be able to manage several complex studies at a time and will be key to communication both within the clinical study team and with external partners, ensuring that studies are run to protocol and in accordance with ICHGCP. The post holder must be highly organised and able to plan work around a busy clinical unit. They should have excellent communication and interpersonal skills in order to interact effectively with unit staff and patients. Appointment will be on a fixed term contract for one year in the first instance, with a salary in the range ****  **** p.a. inclusive based on skills and previous experience. This post also benefits from generous annual leave entitlement and pension scheme. Please visit www.icr.ac.uk for a detailed job description and to apply. Closing Date: Sunday 3rd February