Title: Domiciliary Team Leader  Chester
Webindex: 70265318
Company: Jane Lewis Health & Social Care
Description: About Us: Jane Lewis Health & Social Care are the North West's leading nursing & social care recruiter. Jane Lewis have been providing temporary staffing and permanent recruitment and domiciliary care solutions to a wide range of public & private sector clients since **** The cornerstone of our business is carefully matching the skills, experience and aspirations of our candidates to the specific requirements of our clients. About the Role: We currently have an exciting opportunity for a proactive and highly service driven Domiciliary Care Team Leader, to be based in Chester and the surrounding area. The Domiciliary Care Team provide quality home care support to the local community, and the key functions of the Team Leader are to supervise a team of Home Care Assistants, and also deliver hands on care and support to service users in order to enable them to live independently within their own homes. Our Team Leaders are responsible for ensuring that the care and support provided is tailored to meet the individual needs of service users and is delivered in line with individual care plans. This is achieved through the close supervision of/conduction of spotchecks on our Domiciliary Carers, and by offering training, mentoring and support on an ongoing basis. In addition, the Team Leader must ensure that the quality of care and support offered is of the highest standard, and that service users are able to give open and honest feedback about the service they receive. Additional duties will include: Conducting comprehensive care needs assessments including manual handling and risk assessments. Working closely with service users, their representatives and the Domiciliary Care Team to ensure that outcome based care plans are created and kept up to date. Ensuring that the care delivered is recorded appropriately in the service users records. Ensuring that policies and procedures are strictly adhered to. Ensuring that the highest standards of professionalism are maintained at all times. Organising and attending team meetings, supervision sessions and training. Key Skills Experience of providing Domiciliary Care Excellent communication skills A genuine interest in providing high quality, serviceuser focused care. The ability to build positive working relationships with all stakeholders. A friendly and professional approach Ability to supervise, train and mentor a team of Domiciliary Carers If you think that you’ve got what it takes to join this successful, friendly and highlyservice driven business, and can work various shifts throughout the week (to include evening and weekend work), then we’d love to hear from you. You must have your own transport, and in return, we can offer a competitive salary and car allowance, along with the opportunity to access an excellent training and development package. For further information or to apply for this position please email Sarah Roberts (HR Adviser) on sarahrjanelewis.co.uk.