Title: Account Director
Webindex: 69266150
Company: ID Search and Selection Ltd
Description: Our client is looking for a talented, highly creative Account Director in healthcare PR. Based in London, this is an opportunity to work on ground breaking, fully integrated global campaigns. Account Direction:  Assist in developing strategic programme and finalising programme activity and budget with client.  Direct account team activity to ensure appropriate tactical programme is developed and implemented according to company standards and achieves client objectives.  Keep abreast of external issues and events and regularly review their impact upon programmes and client objectives.  Be aware and responsible for financial status of accounts of designated responsibility at all times.  Responsibility for negotiating and establishing financial arrangements with clients in consultation with Finance Department. Client Liaison:  Contribute to development of client marketing strategy.  Maintain regular contact regarding account direction, staffing and other issues as appropriate.  Establish and maintain a role as consultant/adviser to client.  Responsible for ensuring account issues are regularly monitored and a proactive issues management programme is developed. New Business:  Assist in the driving and developing of new business pitches in accordance with direction from Business Unit Heat and/or Managing Director.  Create and develop opportunities for organic growth of existing business. People Management:  Lead and motivate supervised staff to fulfil their potential and assume responsibility and accountability appropriate to their position.  Make recommendations to the Management Team regarding staff development and account resourcing respectively. Professional Relations:  Responsible for key contact with opinion leaders (medical/media and industry).  Identify opportunities to build opinion leader database and develop additional activity.  Maintain market intelligence by monitoring opinion leader opinions on external/product/ competitive client issues. Media Relations:  Develop and maintain good understanding of UK and international/European media.  Develop relationships with key editors/producers responsible for UK and/or international/European media outreach Knowledge Skill and Abilities:  Life science or communications degree  Be a seasoned Account Manager or recently appointed Account Director with experience of ethical pharmaceutical public relations either in an agency or clientside  Be experienced in developing and leading projects and programmes within global or panEuropean communications for prescription medicines, medical devices or diagnostic products at any stage of the lifecycle, as well as implementing international disease awareness campaigns.  Have a good track record in thinking strategically and delivering creativity and innovation for your clients  Have the ability to lead teams, directly handle client relationships from pitch to business, and run project and programmes working with senior team members and with some level of autonomy Package: An excellent package will be offered; for more information please call Jon Gawley on **** ****