Title: Care Assistant Dartmoor
Webindex: 46627260
Description: Care Assistant Dartmoor, Devon PSP Healthcare Limited is looking for Care Assistant Job seekers in the Dartmoor area of Devon. We have six properties within Devon, Monmouth, and Frome, all of which provide permanent or short term care to individuals, based on each individuals need, ability and perspective. It's vital that we have the best team of care staff working with us to deliver and maintain the highest standards of care. We are looking for dynamic driven individuals to join our creative and innovative work force. The role itself involves assisting and supporting our residents in their day to day activities whilst maintaining their privacy and dignity. The benefits of working with a company who have gained numerous awards in care, and are one of the UK's fastest growing healthcare providers, include:  Becoming part of the PSP family where we aim to encourage mutual support to one another at all levels; People Supporting People  Benefit from corporate rates on your household insurance  Benefit from subsidised private healthcare  Flexible shift patterns including bank and parttime work  Staff accommodation  Use of state of the art equipment and facilities, with homes which include advanced mobility facilities, WiFi connectivity, hair and beauty salons with visiting therapists, various lounge and relaxation areas, accessible gardens, and even some with their own swimming pool and gym area I think PSP Healthcare is a great place to work, but don’t take my word for it, this is what our team say…………. Judith Arada “I have been with PSP for more than 2 years now and I feel that I really belong to a family. They supported me when I first arrived from the Philippines and assisted me even in finding my accommodation to help me be as comfortable as possible. Through the years they provided us with essential training for our professional growth. I’m very happy to have stayed with PSP because they have seen all my efforts and have promoted me to Senior Care. They have been my second family away from home.” Janette Buttress “I have worked for PSP for almost 3 years and in that time I have had the chance to visit all of their Care Homes, even the building projects PSP are always holding events, either work, training or play related – this helps employees from all the different Care Homes and Head Office get to know each other, creating a stronger and friendlier working environment throughout the company. I have been involved in the exciting opportunity of working in a newly built Care Village and enjoyed participating in building a warm, homely and friendly environment for both residents and staff. I am sure PSP will continue their journey of expansion and I hope to be along for the ride” Care Assistant Dartmoor, Devon