Title: RMN (RNLD)
Webindex: 70232739
Company: UKStaffsearch
Description: To be considered for the position you must be a Registered Nurse (RN), compliant with the UKCC Regulations and Registration. We welcome applications from RNs from both Mental Health and Learning Disabilities specialties of the NMC. Hours of work  **** hours over 7 days  shift patterns include days, weekends and nights Start times: 8.00am  8.15pm/8.00pm 8.15am We currently have positions for Registered Nurses in our services. Nurses must work according to NMC guidelines and are expected to assess, plan, implement and evaluate care without direct supervision and to participate fully in delivering a sensitive, efficient care service to all patients. As a Registered Nurse your role will primarily be to carry out the following: Provide quality care using the Multidisciplinary Care Programme Approach. Apply research based knowledge and appropriate models of patient care as a member of both a Multidisciplinary and the nursing team. Apply research based knowledge and appropriate models of nurse/patient intervention and maintain confidentiality regarding residents and staff. Ensure that care is provided within an environment which positively integrates race, gender, disability, religion and sexual orientation and meets individual needs. Ensure that the patients are involved as fully as possible in decisions affecting them and the running of the units, and to maximize their independence. Take charge in the absence of the Clinical Nurse Leader. Supervise the care given by junior staff, i.e., Nurse Support Workers and be able to lead a shift. Contribute actively to an effective learning environment and lead audits. To be responsible for the guidance and support of support workers, identify training needs and assist with appraisals for support workers. To represent the hospital in a positive and professional manner within the units and externally as required at meetings and other forums. Work and communicate effectively with nursing and Multidisciplinary colleagues within the units, the Company and externally. To maintain a safe environment for staff and patients at all times Be aware of, and adhere to, current legislation regarding Health and Safety at Work.