Title: RGN / RNLD Care Home
Webindex: 71885864
Description: Appoint Group Vacancy Job Title  Staff Nurse  RMN / RGN Location  Horsham (West Sussex) Salary  11.15 weekday hourly rate or 11.65 weekend hourly rate Contract: Permanent Hours: Full time 40 hours per week (**** hour shifts) We are looking to recruit a RGN / RMN on a full time permanent basis, to join an enthusiastic and dedicated care team within a brand new purpose built facility for people with long term health care conditions including neurological conditions such as Multiple Sclerosis, Motor Neurone Disease, Huntington's Disease, Acquired Brain Injury and Cerebral Palsy. Your main purpose is to promote the health and social well being of residents of this service through the provision of compassionate care and excellent clinical skills. You will also have a primary responsibility for supervising, motivating and supporting a small team of Support Workers. Main duties will include:  Assessing nursing needs and planning/evaluating care provision.  Maintaining accurate clinical observations of the service users' condition and keep all required records of nursing care.  Communicating with service users, their relatives and coworkers.  Administering drugs and treatments as prescribed with safety/accuracy and be able to assist in appraisal process of junior staff members. A Registered Nurse with current registration is essential while further post qualifications relevant to the role are desirable but not essential. Shift pattern is predominantly long days (**** hour shifts) but you will need to be flexibility to work both day and night shifts as and when required. The successful candidate will enjoy excellent working conditions, structured training and support, competitive salary, generous holiday entitlement and genuine opportunities for professional development. The home is owned by a group based locally with other homes across the South so there is plenty of scope for advancement for those looking for progression in their career. Applicants offered employment will be subject to enhanced criminal records check through the Criminal Records Bureau. Person Specification  Applicants must be either RGN or RMN trained and qualified, holding a valid PIN. More experienced nurses are ideally sought for. Prior experience of this service type is not required, as long as applicants are keen to learn and quick to pick up new skills. Applications will be held in the strictest confidence. For more information or to apply for the role please call Erin Banner on **** **** and email your CV to erin.bannerappointgroup.co.uk