Title: Allied Health Care Professional : Optometrists Jobs in Southampton
Webindex: 69973851
Description: Flame Health Optometry  Optometrist Job in Southampton Flame Health Optometry are working on behalf of this very successful, large independent chain has an exciting opportunity for an Optometrist to work at one of their practices in the Hampshire area. The company has an ethos for providing a quality service to their patients and is looking for somebody of a like mind. The company continues to focus on providing value through personal service, via highly professional, qualified staff and by offering the latest in frame and lens technology from the world's leading manufacturers. In doing so, they plan to strengthen its brand and exposure within the optical market place. They retain a closeknit family framework throughout the organisation. The shared goal is of achieving 100% customer satisfaction via an individual approach to its customers and through the provision of quality eyecare by fully qualified GOC registered optometrists and dispensing opticians. Their commitment to achieving total customer satisfaction is reflected in the design and investment in the shopping environment. The practices are carefully designed to achieve a modern and comfortable feel with an extensive selection of designer and nondesigner frames and sunglasses, with state of the art consulting room equipment and full air conditioning throughout. The role itself will demand high standards of clinical excellence and flexibility. If you enjoy working as a team and enjoy a challenge then this really will suit you. The role will involve mainly sight testing and contact lens fitting as fully qualified Dispensing Opticians are in place for the handover. A fantastic salary package is in place, plus 5 weeks holiday, Professional Indemnity Insurance and a contributory pension scheme. To apply for this position you will need to be registered with the GOC To apply for this Job or enquire about additional Optometrist Job Opportunities in Southampton or the Hampshire Region  Contact Flame Health on **** **** ****  optometryflamehealth.com Flame Health Associates LLP operates as an Employment Agency & Employment Business